"Upgraded my phone to Galaxy s21
"So I just bought the pro version
Moved to pro
"TweetCasterPro WAS great app
"I used the free version for a year or so and found it worked well
Excellent
Paid upgrade does not allow me to import any of the years of config and customisation done in the free version. I feel penalised for buying it.
Garbage app. 👎
When is the last update for this? It lags wonth let me delete lists full of bugs!
"Don't you guys think it's been a very very long time to update and implement the actual twitter features like quote gif
"Waiting for class action lawsuit haha used to be so good
Fix the widget already. Doesn't work on note 20 ultra and latest Android OS
"Stop the timing out. No other app stops people from Tweeting
"So many basic operations
Not able to create widget at Android 11.pls help.
Nice app for info on most anything
Would be five stars please make some bigger Widgets plzzzzzzzz
Much improved. Still can't figure our how to change an AVI or background photo. I am NOT the smartest IT guy around.
amazing Twitter app
Solid app.
Having issues removing accounts
Hreat control over multiple accounts.
"This app has not been updated since my previous review in 1/2020. Functionality is failing
Miss the FB linking and font changing but it's better than the Twitter app imho! 🐦
Why is this so slow? Any updates in the near future?
great app but trends don't work properly from time to time and trends are the most important part of twitter
After years of owning TweetCaster Pro I still love it!
"Yes you do deserve this review & the 1 star rating. Update: Dec 05/17 - they figured out that Twitter allows 280 characters
"This used to be the gold standard of twitter clients but since September 2020
"Update: This app is lagging and has had zero updates since January when their token was restored..... Very glad to have Tweetcaster back after the access token issue! No other 3rd party Twitter app's functionality compares. Hopefully the devs stick around for further updates
"Trending is back
Trends are not correct...not showing new trends from last 3 days...it showing same trends 😔
"*updated rating* As of 08/25/2020 App is not refreshing
"Avoid
"The best Twitter app available
It can't download video. Also webpage error when clicking links.
"I love that app
Over the past few months this app has become very slow to load new tweets. Clicking links has even longer load times. No updates since January.
"One of the best app i use for twitter
"Is good but I need editing my control panel for my notifications and messages
Great app
After coming back to Android after a few years this app needs updating and it would be nice to see some buttons under each tweet to favorite or reply even read replies. Also is doesn't notify me of new tweets anymore.
Easy way to use twitter
"I Can't see my DM anymore
Great app but terrible UI needs a cleaner interface
I love tweetcaster!!
Love it!!
I like it 👌
Great app if I didn't get a 403 error each time I try to add users to a list. Also nearby should have a option nearby on followers friends list/yours. I'll update my review when we get a update
"It supposed to be good twitter app. But recently I find this app ""tweetcaster has stop working"" or ""force close"""
"Widget no longer works on Note 9? Any advice please. Uninstalled / installed no change. Widget is dragged to home page
Still my favourite Twitter app
"Had this app forever and rarely have issues. Lately though
TweetCaster Pro was my go2 Twitter app for YEARS until Nov 2019 when crash after crash led me 2 uninstall it & start having 2 use a different app. Just recently found that there was a long-overdue update in Jan 2019 & was very excited 2 start using TweetCaster Pro again! Had 2 adjust app permissions 4 TweetCaster Pro timeline widget when it wouldn't work but app permission adjust fixed that. Now having issue w/TweetCaster Pro Aviary Plugin crashing. WILL stick w/TweetCaster & hope 4 some fixes!
Works for me
"يا أخ عبدالله السبيعي خاصية إخفاء الرتويت تجدها أضيفت مع التصفية الذكية ""smart filter"""
Has Pro's & Cons but nothing that I can't tolerate. Best of the Twitter apps for me.
"knocked off 2 stars
"24Apr2020 Hi
Best one for my uses. There are few issues but nothing big. I like it and One Louder Apps was quick to respond to a request. Solid Twitter app.
I can't see who favourite the tweets.
Fast response for thread support. Still I have failure for some kind of link. Back to 4 stars. Although not seriously updated for over a year still a very good app. Though they need to maintain it... I can't open some kind of links from the app and they don't respond through their Twitter.
It is the best of its kind. Love the fact that when there is a reply to a tweet it gives you the whole conversation.
"Thank u for updating this app again. I'd like to see shortcut for ""RT or reply or like"" directly under people's posts instead of clicking the post to RT/reply/like the posts. I hope we can have it in the next update 😁 been using this app since 2011 and this is the best for me."
I bought the app and it is awesome. Please add full support for Fediverse protocols as well.
Good view of tweets and RTs are better because give good description not just web address! Would like if all dis9layed in landscape but majority do so 4 stars!
So many things go wrong while using this app.. The widget for starters doesn't stay on my screen
Best twitter app! I wouldnt go any where else. Check it out !!
"I am happy to be back again after 
Purchased this just because of widget which crashes every time I'm trying to add it onto desktop.
"Downloaded app for the widget availability because my other one has been screwy for months...now
we need a update! this is a great app
"I really tweetcaster. I've tried several other apps including the official Twitter app but this is the best. I can control background & text color
i rather not have pic vid on feed but wont load pic or vid on link unless ya turn on the media... even when menu comes up saying open link it wont... be nice to have look at convo without having to go via menu... other than that it has best layout than most twit apps
"Could not connect to Twitter
Oke setelah sekian lama tidak di update. Saya coba ini aplikasi. Kalau masih ada yang error saya hapus !
"Works
Most enjoyable. More versatile than Twitter's app.
Seems like this app is not incompatible. I am unable to post tweets and no updates to this app since 2018. Update: issue resolved
Best App for tweeter
"Mostly dead app with regards to innovation. This company or individuals that write the software
"Author updated API token but still needs to be modernized with VIDEO SUPPORT U/D directly with Twitter not outdated YouTube. Twitter supports video directly now. Its a good Twitter app but with more work could be great. FAVESTAR is Dead & support needs to be removed. Better single page followers to match who & who doesnt needed. Eveything works as far as I can tell but still testing. Thanks for the update. Ron@Memphis
i cant access my account
Beautifull theme
I have been happy with TweetCaster for years.
This app is my frequent use @bdimples
The ONLY thing it doesn't do for me is show threads.
"An update
Last check these app where own by sprint wireless know that t-mobile in change whats gonna happan to are apps. Nov.24.2014 It works real good all my android phones I use app on four android phones and work s all them
"Apparently the api needs updated once again
"When tweeting
Failed to Load Data on endless repeat. This used to work great. Now it's garbage Update!!! Now working and back to 5 stars.
"My favorite Twitter app. I wish it could do a couple things better
Love the easy use of the interface. Lists work well. Have tried several other Twitter apps and I am sold on TweetCaster Pro!
My Fav Twitter App
"When opening video ""Failed to load data"""
"Token Fixed
Great app!
Best Twitter app in the market. Tried almost all Twitter apps including other paid ones. But nothing comes closer to tweet caster pro. Zip line feature is icing on the cake
"Apparently I created a review for this app in my pocket.... So far this app meets all my needs the best
"Luv the app
Best Twitter app
Glad to have this app back. Like the layout and it does all I want .
Thank you! TweetCaster is back!
Widget is still broken.
Update fkd it up. Can't get in. FIX it... UPDATE!! OneLouder has responded - quickly - and are working with Twitter to resolve the issues. Great customer service... Thx!
Very expensive and no updates since ages.
Better than the official twitter app!!
Kudos to OneLouder for continuing to support this app. I paid a couple of pounds for it almost a decade ago and am delighted to see it still being supported.
Finally tweetcaster is working again. The best Twitter app is back !!!
The best. The most simple easy to use l.
I have used Tweetcaster Pro for years and have been very happy with it. Happy that they fixed the recent issue but now I can't get the widget to work.
"Widgets fail to install after Jan 2020 fix This app has worthwhile features that no other Twitter Android client has
"What' s going on now
"2/2/20 Update: Finally able to connect and ""authenticate"". I like this app
Great little app!
So glad it's back. The best way to interact with twitter.
"2020-02-01 OneLouder restored TweetCaster Pro's ability to access Twitter. Tweetcaster supports multiple Twitter identities (think personal
Could you please add option to arrange (moving up / down) bookmarks in the order we desire instead of the order they were added
"Hi
Best one and very easy to use it
"The best Twitter apps! Chronological tweets
"Now working again. Certainly not the most fully featured Twitter replacement but having spent a few days trying others like Albatross or Friendly
Best app out there!
I still cannot sign in and the app is written failed to connect to twitter.. please help..
App is dead as of 1/27/2020. Update 1/31: App is fixed. Wish it was actively developed (group DMs please)
This is a good client that could use some love from the developer. Clean interface and easy to use. Recommended!
Revised. Has stopped working. Will not connect to Twitter.
Best twitter app by far. Support is very good.
"Things were great until lately it became useless can't connect
As of 31/1/2020 app released a new update finally and all work flawlessly again. Best app for Twitter!
Easy to use and looks great. Beats the standard Twitter app hands down in my opinion.
ناقصه بس يعرض التصويتات
Still not working.
Welcome back TweetCaster!
"Please
"Best app to use as a widget for Twitter. Although there are other ones
Best Twitter app.
This app doesnt work. Says error 401
It's back ladies and gentlemen!!!
TECH SUPPORT!... Thank you! More updates in the future would be great!
Fixed
"Still same
"Thanks so much for coming back
Hands down the best Twitter app on market absolutely perfect keep up the great work. Great customer service the application was down for couple days I emailed Oneloud the get back with me in couple of hours letting me know they are fixing the issue. Did an update and it's working again like a champ. Thank you for fast fix and update over email
Glad it's working again. For me the best Twitter app out there.
All good again. Thanks for the fast update .
"Love this app had it for years
"Update - service has been restored
Update for 30 January 2020: API fixed so back to working again.
Awesome app I am using it for last five years
Looking for updates to reflect all the new twitter features
Better than the official Twitter app
thank you
"Thank you for the update
Thank you for the update. It's fixed now. And here's your 5 stars reinstated.
Working now after the update! Missed using it while it was down. Didn't like using Twitter's app while waiting for the fix.
"Byy far and away the best app for Twitter. Best user interface. I wish they would display the ""likes"" like the regular app does; this one just goes to the ""Favestar is for sale"" message"
The best Twitter app out there. Very glad they issued a fix to restore access.
"Oh sweet Jesus
Best Twitter app by far
THANK YOU
"Solid Twitter app. Supports multiple accounts and separate timeliness. Very customizable. Restored rating for this app after they fixed the problem. One Louder
It finally works after the latest update. Thanks!
"App died with no warming. Update: fair enough
"Best Twitter app to date
"30JAN2020 Access resorted! If you're using Tweetcaster Pro
Fixed and working great. Thx
After fixing it works again. The team should maintain this app regularly though
"Finally....an update. Thank you
Thank you for updated token! Best twitter app is back! Please don't stop development of this brilliant app!
"They fixed the app again and all is working just as well as it always has
Fix problem promptly. Replied to my concerns swiftly and professionally. Thank you so much
"Out of all the apps for Twitter
"As promised
Best Twitter app out there. Has some issues here and there but by far better than any of the others.
All my issues have been fixed except I don't get notifications on my phone
"Best Twitter Application
GREAT App! Much prefer over Twitters app.
"They have updated the API key so it's working on. Still over a year since the last significant update
"Tweetcaster is fantastic. Zero problems
"Second update: so Onelouder does not monitor their auth token and only reacts to 1 star reviews. Says it all: this app is dead and being neglected. Update january 2019: apparently this app is dead. I recommend Tweetings as a replacement. Rating down to one star
"Yay
needs an update. won't open.
"I only gave it 1 when I was locked out
"So very happy this app is now working again! Thank you
"It is working again!! 8 years as a subscriber they've always been quick to respond to my emails! Thank you! I reached out to TweetCaster 36 hours ago and... Here is the latest RAPID reply from Tweetcaster moments ago (1/30/2020): ""We just pushed the update to the Play store and it should be available for download any time now. Once you update the app
Tweetcaster is working again 👍👍 Best Twitter client ever.
App is working again after the update Best one I've used for Twitter. Glad it has been fixed
Huge THANK YOU to the devs for coming back after a year and a half to update the API token so we can still use this app. It's been my favorite for nearly a decade and the thought of switching to the official app was so upsetting. I missed my temporary zip list so much!
Thank you for getting that token fixed. All is well once again and my favorite 3rd party Twitter app has been restored!
App is fixed! Best Twitter app. Period! Thank you One Louder!
"Always been great
Thank god for the update
yuhuuuu..it's working again!!..thanks for updated
Stopped working. Can not connect to Twitter anymore. No information. Their web site/blog hasn't been updated for years. Last tweet from them over a year ago. Is the company still alive?
"cant get this to work
Dont buy or use this app! The owner is to lazy to contact Twitter to update their Token. Freaking waste of money here. Even Google wont refund funds paid for this worthless app.
These few days I cannot sign in because its say cannot connect with twitter.. Hope it's can be solve asap..
First time purchase on a Brand New Phone One Week Ago...tons of bugs and now it won't even let me sign in...From the bottom of my heart I'm warning you all! YOU WILL BE DISAPPOINTED
App just abruptly stop working. Is it over with?
"📍 Stopped working Jan 27
This app used to be great but hasn't been updated in a long time and has completely stopped working completely for me as of Jan.26 2020.
"I kept getting ""we can't authenticate you"" message starting Jan 29
"This app was great when it was supported. Now
Doesnt work anymore
"Been days since I could connect to Twitter via the app. Slow to update (last update 10/18
"App no longer connects to Twitter... Developers keep saying they are fixing and updating
"App isn't working
Welcome back!
"401 authentication error
FAILED TO CONNECT TO TWITTER
"I hope you will be back soon. At the time of writing this we still getting could not authenticate you error. I for one am suffering
"Support request: after the last update doesn't connect to my twitter account
My accounts stopped working as of 1/27. I am unable to login or add new accounts on this app.
I loved this app but now all I get is 401 error can't authenticate!
Not working any more ...what happened? I have tweetcaster pro
Stopped working. Constant 401 error.
Please fix TweetCaster! Something has severely gone wrong with the app; I can't even use it! This was my favorite app for Twitter. Hopefully they will take care of the issues very soon!
"Love the app
"Totally broken
can't connect to Twitter
Can't connect to Twitter. It's dead. This is the end. Or maybe the developers don't have enough money to pay the APIs anymore.
"Was great
Where are you developers? The app has stopped signing in for all users. Update as soon as possible.
Been using it for years now ot does not let me access
It appears this app had been abandoned. Last night it broke for everyone i know of who was using it. Still down and no response from the developers. Thankfully there are alternative app not put out by this company.
"Love the app and have been using it for years now. However
Just stopped working altogether.
"Stopped working and they didn't say anything. At least issue a statement
the best twitter app all these years but died prematurely. Now moving to Fenix 2 pro for stability.
Stopped working as of 1/27/20
As of Jan 27 2020 this app no longer works. Everyone is getting a 401 error.
GAME Over then!!!:) ...
Stopped working completely days ago. I uninstalled and reinstalled and I can't even add an account now so it looks like I'm being told to sod off. I shall!
This app used to be great and have used for years. No it seems to have been abandoned.
"I used to enjoy this app. Yesterday I started getting Protocol error 401
"Used to be a fantastic app. Used it for years
"Tweetcaster is down. Is it selective? Back up
"Hi teams... I've been used this app since long time ago 
"Tweetcaster won't connect to twitter
Failed to connect to Twitter!!! No me deja iniciar sesión!!?
"Jan 27
Absolutely love that Twitter feed is on the chronological order
"So
"401 error
"This app is very clearly no longer supported
Stopped working again
App just stopped loading completely. Cannot contact Twitter. 401 Error.
App just stopped working completely with a can't login error.
"So
App appears to have lost its token access to Twitter and will not authenticate. RIP TweetCaster.
"Love it
Unable to connect Twitter server
401 too since today
I am now getting a 401 authentication error. The app is no longer usable.
I got the pro but it failed to connect to twitter، requested refund
Paid for pro and nothing works right any more. Guess the dev's abandoned the app.
Love it.😁🥰
Won't login through app. Was having issues with images loading and stopped this morning. 1/3/2020
Since 2018 and no update for the app!
"TweetCaster has never done me wrong
the ever best but why access to Direct Message? What about privacy? Why no regular updates?
It seems like the dev team has stopped doing any work. Favorites link to Favstar (dead site) and it randomly switches between the multiple accounts.
Dead app no updates since 2018
"This app is so simple
"Was a great third party app originally but the lack of regular updates (what
"At first 4 stars for this app
I've noticed that my lists don't populate anymore on my Galaxy Tab. They do populate on my phone (Pixel2) however. Is this a known issue?
Either cannot log into twitter account or 404 errors when checking links. Nothing to say.
Great app.
The App will not delete old direct messages. Also cannot upload pics
Easy to navigate.
"C""mon Man ! It's been exactly a year since any update on this app. Should I consider it Abandonware or what ? Still a okay app but no improvements ...such as that bright compose window that can double as a phone flash light. Darken things alittle bit. Need a new way to customize things as well."
It's high time this app gets more update
Best Twitter app I've tried. Actually shows tweets in chronological order!!!!
In desperate need of an overhaul... Don't buy this in its present state...
Widget keeps closing the app when I try to add it to my home screen.
hasn't worked in 3 months. the app can't connect to twitter to even sign in.
I have 3 android devices and it is important to me that I can sync the timeline. Unfortunately it just doesn't work.
"I have adjusted/edited my 1 star 🌟 review to a 5 🌟
A reasonable twitter platform. Some minor odd behavior and slightly opaque design in places but otherwise fine.
Doesnt show images in tweets posted through Twitter Ad composer.
"I had a problem with an older version of the paid app. It kept showing ads. When I reported the problem they refunded me quickly which showed me a responsive customer service. That problem is fixed now. It's a great way to use Twitter on android. One precaution I'd give is
when I click on the favourites button of any tweet the app takes me to an external useless webpage ... can you fix this problem?? I want to see the favourites of any tweet within the app. I am very annoyed.
Good.
"Well I have been using this app for a while. I use to really live it
Notifications have stopped working since I changed from Sansung Galaxy s6 to s10. Has been my go to app otherwise.
Since a long time there are no updates to the program
I bought this app and it doesn't even work won't even connect to Twitter what's up with that?
I want to cancel my twitter app. Just had it for 10min... Need refund!
Their latest update is dumb as all hell. Can't use the app to edit uploaded picks. When you click on a picture you can rotate. save it. but there's no damn back button. You have to click on the picture to back up 🤷‍♂️
The ability to send direct messages to followed accounts has stopped. Don't pay for this app until it is repaired. It was a twitter dot com problem
wonderful tool.
So far pretty good...
Am one of this app fans but I have some comments on it. 1. It gets freezing when I am playing videos and can't solve it unless I restart my phone 2. It is slow app when it concerns with photos view 3. Updates are always late
I've been using this app since 2010 and it hasn't failed me yet!
l am still discovering it's features over all great
Receiving no new tweet notifications at all. Don't know what's going on with this app.
"Used to love this app. Like REALLY love it. But looks like it's no longer supported. Had to change password on a couple of my accounts via the Twitter web page - and now am unable to access those accounts on the app. Can't even delete the old accounts and re-add them with the new passwords. Uggh. RIP
"I've used this app for years. I've tried others but I like this one best
no update since last year 🤦‍♂️
This is my go to Twitter app. It does everything you can want. Easy to use. I've been using it since I first joined. Tried other apps but keep returning to TweetCaster.
No option to download videos. Fix and 5 star
"had 4 mins crashed. not refunded. Samsung s9+ it's terrible
"TOP APP. BUT PLS STILL 140 CHARRACTER. IT'S ART OF WRITTING A MESSEGE (Edited 15 juni 2019) I buy the Pro version years ago but now I can't install to the other gadget although I had erased the app on my old gadget
وجدت فيه ميزة سهولة الاستخدام .. ويخلو من التعقيد في الأوامر والخيارات
YOUR THE BEST! NOT IN JEST! TRUMP STUMPED! HIS AURA DUMPED!
"Used to be the best
"Doesn't load videos or images
"Excellent app. Apart from one issue. With 19:9 screens having time-line
"hasn't been updated in eons
Needs update. It keeps crashing
"Just installed the official Twitter app. Now I'm realizing just how bad this app is. Find something else
Best tweeter app on the market. This is the only one I use.
"Must have twitter client pro is the version you want
Mr. Ali Alyami
Used to love this but Lists still not working on Samsung Galaxy Tab S4. No sign of a fix and last updated 29th October 2018. Developer doesn't even reply. Time to go back to Owly I think. Downgraded to 2 stars as still no interest shown by developer and still no update since Oct 2018. Got to make it 1 star now and that's too many.
Works plain and simple
widgets will not load on latest android system please fix widgets
Excellent
rad
"Why does every want to mention
notifications not working have to open app to see if new tweets
Should have paid long ago. developers are worth investing in and these folks I certainly trying to provide us a good platform. this is the best app I have found.
it use to be an awsome app no updates since october 2018 it doesn't refresh línea it use to about uninstall it's a shame i buyed the pro way back
"App keeps crashing
"was nice
Most videos are no longer playing in the app. I am using Samsung Tab4. SM-T531 Android version 5.0.2.
Excellent for filtering Twitter and presenting information in a readable way; but would it be too much trouble not to rely on long-defunct favstar for who has liked tweets?
Amazing
"I've tried a lot of twitter clients
I've been a TweetCaster Pro user for years and I've always considered it 5 stars.
Great app so far. Been using twitter for a few days & didn't like the generic twitter. TweetCaster was a worthy purchase! Great job Devs!
The best Twitter app you will ever need.
best twitter option...
v.good
بصورة عامة جيد جدًا
"Very nice 👍🏼👍🏼. BUT it needs some small adjustments for example
SAMSUNG GALAXY S9➕
"used for years
still lacking in user interface. still not friendly when using hashtags…
Needs updated after android update broke widgets... Please fix
"Got it
 Check if TC is optimized and remove if so."
"guys
"Feature filled. Powerful. Please fix favorites
"Updated Review: I've given up and removed the app. Talon is much better and up to date. Old Review: Getting constant errors regarding the amount of time to load the tweet when I load more details on a tweet. I'm sending feedback for the errors when this occurs. I've tried sending feedback and logs
I love this app but Twitter has been slowly choking the functionality out of it.
schedule post problem
"Using for years
"I Can't believe you are the best thing that since I was hacked about the same time ev ery word or you have any questions please feel free to contact me at the same time and place for the night so I'm sure you will be able to make it to the meeting on the calendar. Don't be late like Andrew
Still needs more bug fixes. Can't edit or remove old Twitter accounts in settings. Time lag to access user information gets longer over time.
"Well
Love this app but the trending topics have stopped working. Haven't updated since Christmas.
I'm giving 5 because Twitter is attacking 3rd party apps by forcing them to remove features to migrate more users to their native app. The widget or notifications is never coming back yall... the trends seem broke too. One louder yall have been magnificent supporting this app but Twitter has declared war to control revenue. Im in it to the end with yall. 1louder is the reason I actually still use Twitter even tho the official app has gotten better. Its been a pleasure!!!!
Usually great.
Bit glitchy on times but worth it to get rid of all the Twitter changes that Jack keeps introducing and to be able to turn off retweets for your whole timeline
Not bad. Used to be great but now rather dated. Needs an overhaul. Could easily be made top of the range.
Does not display notifications anymore. I have to open the app to check only to find 150+ new tweets. Needs to be fixed since I paid for pro.
I do not get notifications any longer. It's worthless for me without notifications. Yes I have them set up to work.
"Was always a won app
The only things I find wrong. The tweet notification is screwed only show when it wants too also if you install a custom notification setting for a account there is no way to delete them. Also the faqs fonts suck bad can't see it in the white background of the website and no way to leave a reply as I can see no support page
"This has been my go to Twitter app for many years. Last update killed the widget essentially making the app useless. The whole point is to have my feed up on my desktop where I get an occasional glance
I originally bought it on the Amazon store. When it stopped updating there I decided to I it again on the Google store.
Will not allow a connection to Facebook. In app buttons for Facebook are missing.
"Best Twitter app
The Widget still broken cannot added to the homescreen (Honor 8X)
"What? You say you've fixed DM? There's still no access to DM's that are in a group
Like the app and use it for years however the widget function is now broken and I can no longer add it to my home screen
"Pros: Shows more than 20 trending topics. Cons: no group chat
"Update 2: Some features functioning again. Widget still broken
"Have lost my lists
"Over the last 2 years I've tested/assessed this app OFTEN. I'm updating my review again. STILL excellent.. It seems to get better and better
"Swift follow up. Still a bit glitchy when trying to tweet with pic. It goes immediately to ""failed tweet""."
This app worked flawlessly until this update. It doesn't notify me of any tweets anymore. I have to open the app to check for any tweets now.
"It is a great app
Pictures are back but notifications aren't. I'm sure they're working on it though with how fast they fixed the picture problem.
Notifications for new tweets is no longer working since last update. Pictures seem to have been resolved but having to open the app & refresh it every time is a bit frustrating. Please fix!
Updated
"It had been a good app before
"My original review was full of praise for this app & 5 stars. As of today (19.09.18)
Since the update a few days ago i no longer get new tweet notifications
The one killer thing this has over official app is better list management. Would be nice to see a material design rework.
the most thing i really love in this app is (zip) but i hope soon as possible you can add more features downlod video for example as many apps did
Revising rating from two stars to five now that the DM issue is fixed!  ------  Used to love this app but now I can't read my DMs. Apparently the solution is to download Tweetcaster and pay AGAIN for Pro? Way to piss off your previous customers! Please update this app or give us free upgrades. Thanks.
"Excellent app
Now that it is fixed. Best app for Twitter!
After a fix back to being the best again.
Thank you for fixing the images so quickly.
EDIT: Update fixed the photos issue and it opened quickly. OLD: Fixed DMs but broke everything else including profile pics and non Instagram pictures. Uninstalled and reinstalled but now it's not even opening!
"And boom
A recent update made the App largely unusable due to inability to view photos. Developers responded extremely quick and fixed the issue. Top marks returned and justifiably so. Best twitter client that I've found and only missing twitter polls to make it perfect.
The latest update has removed everyone's avatars and any picture or video screenshot. I've stopped using it til it's fixed
What the hell happened? No icons?
Will there be a fix for the missing feature of posting tweets to Facebook? It is the major reason why I am using this app instead of the official Twitter app. 😒
https://play-lh.googleusercontent.com/a-/AOh14Gh6NjkPPqgAqaRjOAItkFr1KULfkPtVFYWEqctZ
After the 10/26 update app stop showing pictures
Used to be great. Now its broke. Does not refresh on its own
It's been over a year since last updated. Crashes on Android 7.0. Sad.
"I am legally blind and this app is perfect for me. I can blow up the font and read without my magnifier. So easy to scroll and create lists. Customer service is old-fashioned and REAL. The explanations are precise
"Was a great app
"Hope you don't like pictures or user icons
"It's still a good app
UI has to change..
The best tweet app I have ever used
"I think the Dev. Stop this app long time no update
Non pro version updated to fix DM issue. Why hasn't the pro version been fixed or even updated since December 2017?
No longer able to access DMs from within the app. I will amend my review if and when this is fixed.
Loyal user of Pro for 7+ years. Unfortunate to see it so broken. Loss of DMs totally destroyed it's usefulness to me. Sad.
Reply All doesn't reply to all. Only to the original tweet. Especially on RTs. This is super dumb. Especially since I paid for this app. Figured out after they don't even update this app anymore. Avoid.
"Below average. App can't view threads unless people link to last post of thread (most people link first). Has issues with IG photos. Polls not visible (twitter's fault
Direct messaging no longer works!
"Seems like the devs have truly given up on this app
The best Twitter app for non business persons. Themes and other features are all awesome.
"Not the best anymore: (Size?) Smart filter y? image/sort? FS image view
Works good. Especially the tablet version. One thing that is annoying is that you constantly have to load tweets in between.
still no gif support. PLEASE put interactions in the same tab as mentions. trying to make people who already paid for the app years ago pay again should be criminal but it's still a good app and i can still figure out how to get it biiiihh
Best Twitter App available TC Pro is superb!! I wouldn't use anything else!
افضل برامج تويتر استخدمته. تويت كاستر
It does what I want.. a simple apps for using twitter
"Consistent Twitter API errors
9.2.7
"Last time this app gives error and crash was around 2016 and then fine 
9.2.7
Best app for Twitter. No clutter in timeline
"All the customization you want plus multi accounts support! Edit: use to 
9.2.7
The custom colors don't work for the bubble setup please fix this
Pro works nice
Like it. Works for me.
Still lack of many features !!
"Reliable
9.2.7
Please provide updates regularly
Best Twitter app.
"Great in some respects
9.2.7
i always get an error cide 404 when i try to erase a DM sent to me
"the preview images viewer is still annoying
9.2.7
"Limited controls over the general aesthetic - can't select how I view 
 
9.2.7
"It's a complete waste of time. Continues to freeze and doesn't operate save 
9.2.7
"Works great when first installed on my Moto G5 plus
9.2.7
4Thanks!™ Dropping the Good News!
I can't see the links to Instagram when I click on them.
"Best twitter app out there! Tried several before but that is the best. 
9.2.7
"This has all the features I like and want. It's user friendly and I can 
9.2.7
Best way to do Twitter.
"Keeping old tweet s not possible. program keep only 200 tweets you have to 
9.2.7
Awesome
always works and has a nice clean interface
"Really beginning to look dated now
Works fine. Sometimes I wish it were more intuitive but it's manageable.
Easy way to access Twitter
Outstanding app . Only problem is that username of mention count as character of tweet
Best!
I want a refund. I can't use the app. Twitter blocks it's use. Help!
Uninstalled because of link integration failures from Twitter email notifications.
"Love using this app
"""Make It My Own"" or ”Add to existing list"" doesn't work for large lists. If there is a user you cant add in the middle of the list it stops everything
DM no longer works. Very annoying!
"Fantastic
Tried a few other apps over the last couple of hours. I have returned to TweetCaster as nothing else comes near
"Finally 280ch. But now ""more details"" is destroying my battery life. Why must I wait for RTs & Replies to load (often 1-2 min.) before I can get at the permalink? Put ""Copy Permalink"" in the top menu for 5 stars!"
"My only and default Twitter app.  Has been for years.  Packed full of features and worth every penny.  Not one gripe.  Find better
"I hate one thing the most: the ""shared using TweetCaster"" it adds to shared tweets; should be editable in the paid version. Switched to another app."
It works but has some issues needs an update could be layed out and explained a lot more not sure how effective it is at avoiding bot detection and no auto followback feature
Great app
Does everything that I want except for one thing. Needs notifications when someone favors or retweets one of your posts. Also doesn't support the auto play for videos. Sometimes can't tell if there is a video or not.Other that. This is the best Twitter app out.
"Outdated user interface 
البرنامج ممتاز
For using it to reply on the timeline it's great.   But look at a tweets replies or a user's tweets and there is a serious problem where it stops responding for minutes at a time while it builds the tweet list. Often long enough for the phone to ask if I want to report or stop the app! Reported it dozens of time and nothing's been done.
Does exactly what I want it to do
I'd like to see the feature to hide retweets made a feature that can be turned off permanently. I don't like having to turn off retweets every time I launch the app.
I've tried the other apps - some for years. TweetCaster is the best and most reliable.
Great
"Is it possible to put either a play button or a pic icon on the pictures? Many times I have clicked
Great app for tweeting on the go.
Best & comfy twitter apps for me..
It has been choppy when scrolling. Has been happening for over a year.
"Utter trash
Best Twitter client on the market.
Best Twitter app so far....
TweetCaster has been my default twitter app for years.  Recent update addressed the 280-character issue.
Great App!
"I understand 280 characters is in beta. Your betas last longer than Verizon's.  Updated 7Dec17
"Brilliant app. Upgraded from free version a couple of years back..  Improvements could include ability to retweet from multiple accounts
"It's a shame the developer has abandoned this app. It was so useful and had great functionality. But it's not been updated in over a year
got the much needed update for the 280 characters and now just gotta check if it works with notifications.. thanks for the update
Best app for Twitter.  But couple enhancements could be placed.  1. Choose account under which I'd like to retweet.  2. uploading images is awful. Uploaded pictures has a such poor quality.
Best Twitter app. Ever. (Thanks for updating!)
Simply the best Twitter app available on the market.
Please update and stop forcing push notifications for stuff i specifically set to not notify me on. 140 char limit still? OLD
I would gladly beta test the 280 character limit feature.  Responding to developers. Please sign me up for beta.
Has not updated for several months after 280 characters. Still forces you to mention who you're replying to.
Would like to become a beta tester
"In 2010
Like how you can view by most recent.
Are you going to update this soon or are you abandoning?
Is there any new version to allow 280 letters?
Waiting for the update so I can use 280 characters.
Any plans to increase the character limit to 240 anytime soon?
Are you ever going to update this app?
I would rate 5 if i can upload video without using Youtube
Excellent app
"No update? For a paid version
"Has not updated since 2016
A lot going on for Twitter geeks. I like it cause it's easy enough to get to grips with. Needs updating to use the new character limit though. I'd give it 5* if it had that feature.
"Look and feel still great
"Great
"They gave up. Last update was a year ago. Promises were made 6 months ago. Still
I've used this app for years and love it. When will it be updated to support 280 characters?
It looks like Tweetcaster has not been updated in some time and it doesn't support the new 280 character limit or the fact that referencing people shouldn't count towards the 140 character limit.
"STILL WAITING for the change introduced by Twitter to allow usernames
Disappointed that they have yet to come out with an update for the 280 character change and Twitter videos are no longer working. Will have to find another go-to app until this gets resolved.
Please update to the 280 character limit.
App has not been updated to fit Twitters increase to 280 characters.
Good customisable Twitter app that allows me to avoid the promoted tweets. There are some issues however. It doesn't seem to know at all if someone has favourited one of your tweets and doesn't support some of the newer features such as the higher character count or polls.
"The best Twitter app I have used. I have used the free version for over a year
the best one for tweeting.
Great job. Thanks
I've switched phones three times in five years and this is one of the apps I promptly install on the new one.
"The TL looks fabulous
Works well. Much improved!
Love it!
The only one Twitter app that i love most
Good app
I love tweetcaster but it slow and it freezes a lot. Please fix it. I'm using nexus 5x with android 8.0
"Awesome app
Much more organized and better than the default twitter app. Worth the five bucks for sure.
"Iove the free app
The best twitter app there is hands down. Keep up the good work. Just can't work out why it doesnt open tweets from the bottom as it is set to do. Also crashes when opening camera for a picture
Best twitter client!
Awesome
"DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS. It is getting no development
"I miss when this app was updated regularly and was useful. It gets updated once a year
Pls have an update soon twitter is now 280 characters and can dm people you are not following but yup like this app a lot and there is still room for improvement!
hasn't been updated in a long time.
"Its okay. I like it for browsing
Was (A full social media management app)... no updates for nearly a year now turned it useless.
"Readability is gone
Love it!
"Used to work great.  Now
It's the Openings Businesses Dream Stream App!!
Still loving it after years of usage (　^ω^)
This app should be the default app for Twitter and it shouldn't be one you have to pay for because it does nothing special
"What was once a great app is now slow
This app is terrible there is a big blue line blocking my timeline now I cant see my tweets anymore please fix this problem asap.
Love the tweet longer😘
Great
sad paid for App.. but no more update.. nothing changes.. Learn from Talon and Flamingo App plz
Is best twitter app out there love it on my g3
"No matter what I try
"Crashes way to much! Love all the other features just need to fix the crashes
"There's a current annoying bug where it endlessly pings you with the same notification.  I have all but ""mentions"" turned off.  If I get a single mention
Excelente aplicación!
While there was a lot to like about this Twitter app (the reasons why I bought it) the haven't been any updates for over eight months and so the new Twitter features since then aren't supported.
"It's okay. The thing I don't like is that it doesn't tell you if someone starts following you
Much better than the native Twitter app.
Twitter has become a joke..do.not wish to be associated with it anymore..Bubbye..
"I get 'refresh rate limit' messages all the time
It constantly flickers. So annoying. Will look for another app.
It's good. Needs a update so videos play automatically like on the original Twitter app. Don't like how ya have to click the vids to play them. But overall it's good.
"Getting worse and worse
Have used this for years.  Zip is still one of my favorite features.
"The former best Twitter app. Now it takes 5 minutes to just load the opening screen. Unusable and gone from my phone
Love the app. Wish poll questions would show up so I can vote.
Unable to authentic my accounts. Please fix!!!!!
"I purchased this a while ago
No complaints from i .
Excellent app. Best on android. Been using tweetcaster pro for a few years and cannot fault it.
I paid for the app so i wouldnt see ads.  Now i get ads in my feed. DO NOT BUY!
"Great
It's dead. No longer developed.
"Can't see or respond to surveys
Great Clem tweeting
A new addiction!
lotsa of great features but mind-bogglingly ugly. use the trial to see if it suits
Retweet option gone from my LG G4 and Nexus 9
not working good all my apps working just tweetcaster .. always time out
Great app
"Used it several devices
I used to love this app but now I can't figure out how to do most of the features in Twitter like liking a tweet instead of favoriting. I can't see when someone likes my responses or tweets and I can't retweet with a comment because the character count is over replies are clunky everything is garbage I'm getting a different app.
This app would be 5 star worthy if you could send media messages in DM. Why pay for an app to replace the one I have if it can't even do everything the original Twitter app can. Please add in this feature. I shouldn't have to switch back and forth from this app to Twitter. Need media sending features in DM.
"This is a good Twitter client (I have the Pro version) but it's not perfect. The formatting of content is excellent... very compact
"Great but one BIG issue
A great way to use Twitter.
Can't see pictures of tweets or avatars. Keeps saying failure to load data.
Love this app.!
"It's back! Things are suddenly much better. Thank you! I've been missing this app so much.  Nice upgrade but feed is sticking
Use everyday
What happened to DMs? I get an error code 403 that says the app can not access or delete my Direct Messages.
"I love this app and have used it for years on my phone and tablet. BUT there is still flickering when new tweets arrive on my Samsung S5mini and Nexus 7 which is very annoying.  19.5.17 This has been dragging on a long time now
I love the format
if it possible we can see the polls ?
Love it. Used for years now.
"Works pretty well.. Widget is a bit shaky
So many useful features that Twitter hasn't even figured out to give us on their own official app! Worth every penny!
"Still the best twitter client I've used that I find any other difficult and too messy to use 
hoping to enjoy this
Full twitter features + searches & trends. Nice! @jtatex in San Diego!
"I PAID for this app because I loved it. It had different customizable​ options and you could choose the colors of the timeline
"Fabulous! Rapid
Does the job well.
"was five stars until my Samsung S8 came along
Best one
"So I've been using Tweetcaster for a while. Through the good & the bad. It has its good. Pros: very customizable. Love the color themes. I love the picture avatar preview in the tweets. Cons: will rate higher if this is ever fixed
Excellent twitter client. I will never go back.
"Hi there
"Once I load more tweets
"Hey
"Finally supports quote tweets. But doesn't show them in the Replies tab. So easy to miss if someone quotes you. Also needs to show follows
Always liked the app
"Need some updates
Needs update. Polls have been there for more than a year and still not supported.
Still my preferable Twitter app. I like the features. Still wish I could see who has liked my tweets in it. They do a pretty good job updating it so that it handles different media
Love it
"great app
"Allows configuration of multiple accounts
If it had the ability to arrange lists it would be a 5 star app.
I use Twitter for news. Best Twitter app I use.
Many annoying bugs with notification system.
I love it. Just wish I could edit my spelling mistakes
Snappy and cool. Really enjoying it on my BlackBerry Dtek50
"Every touch of a tweet should be as if you hit ""conversation"". Too cumbersome to see what any tweet is in regard to currently. As is
"Included functionality not available in any other Twitter app I've found. Unfortunately
28/6/2013- yeay!!! thanks! My favourite twitter app!!!   This was my favourite twitter app. I loved it so much i bought the app. The interactions button is what made me love it. AND I BOUGHT IT TWICE. as my phone was reformated.  I like to see who retweets me who follows me and stuff. Interactions button is good. WHY DID U HAVE TO REMOVE IT? SIGH. BRING IT BACK AND I'LL GIVE A BETTER RATING. Was probably the best twitter app before you removed the interactions button. BRING IT BACK PLEASE.  I havent been able to post pics on tweetcaster. Its so frustrating. Giving it 3 stars now. It was once a worthy 5 stars. 👎👎👎 please fix that
Easy app to use with no ads.
"It's simple
Why is there not an option to 'Mute' a user??? All else is good! 😁 Update 2.17.17- can you bring the phone font option back. I love when apps use my phone font. Thanks in advance! ✊
"It's been perfect
"unfortunately the app has stopped working MSG comes up a lot still. I've cleared cache
The extras and the no ads is definitely worth the lil money I paid. Should make it compatible with facebook though.
"Good
"Completely unusable
Great app much better than the official app
No ads! Awesomeness!
Tweetdeck cumple con lo que necesito para gestionar mis cuentas de Twitter
This has made using Twitter tolerable.
Please make it gif-friendly!
Great app. Wish FB links would open in Android app rather than browser.
This is the stupidest app ever. Don't get this app. Just have the twitter app. It works just fine. Nothing this app does helps at all. It's annoying
Good app faster and less app crush than official tweeter.
Best Twitter client out there.  Great price for the pro version too.
Excellent App
"Improved quite a bit
Works well.
Good all round Twitter client
Use to love this app but now everything I retweet doesn't get sent and comes up with a 404 error code.
Best twitter app I've used!
Simple and suits my needs. I love the fact that I can post long tweets very easily. .
Keeps freezing!
"Don't buy it
Favorite Android Twitter app by far.
App does not work properly on swiping multiple twitpics
"I bought this for the dark theme. But when I reply to a tweet
"Bought it a long time ago
Pictures don't load anymore
"I'm not a twitter fan in the first place
I have always preferred this app over the Twitter app.
"I like the ability to create how my stream
The main reason for buying this app was it's ability to post to Facebook which now is broken.
"Alerts still broken and unable to go to look at profiles without black screen of death. Sometimes hitting back will load the profile
Its annoying to read my timeline and it flickers every ten seconds.
"I'm not give 5 stars
BEST TWITTER APP ON THE MARKET!
"I can't use a whole pic in my header! It keeps cutting off the pic at the neck..it also won't allow me to change my avatar..& bring back the @feature where it would pull anybody's name up
"Want to love this app but cannot save searches for some reason
Why am I getting redirected to a Readability app that is defunked
Doesn't autocomplete user handles or hashtags. Doesn't show hashtag counts. For a paid app is pretty bad
"A nice app
Very good. Is there a way to copy the link to a tweet?
"it was Best 
"Why am I not able to see the number of remaining characters when tweeting in DM? And why isn't my profile synced across all platforms: phone & tablet? I'm signed in on both via Google
"I've noticed that in the timeline sometimes when i open the app i have like 500-600 new tweets
I guess with the latest update things have messed up with the app.  It immediately gives me an error upon trying to open it.  The option to retry comes up which also does nothing.  LG V20
"when I go to send a tweet the User name doesn't auto populate. I have to go back and remember it.  I'm deleting until fixed
Always erorr cod404  .. If i wanna coppy smothing .. Sometimes not able to copy ! …  try to add new option such as download vedio and GPF  ..
Good build. Most of the issues from the last build appear fixed.
Thank you for updating the best twitter client 😍😎
"This used to be a great app. In some ways
Been using this and prefer this to twitter 😊
"Every once in a while I'll find something that bugs the h*ll out of me
Not the prettiest kid on the block but efficient and versatile in its layout and possibilities. Foregoing comment is a year old and I stopped using it till lately. It's lack of updating was being felt (wondered whether this paid version had been abandoned). However with the latest update all appears well again.
"Since the latest update
"Much more functional and useful than the official Twitter app
Does exactly what I need with more than 140 characters option for Twitter
"Keep on saiding error  please fix it. Its still doing
Still the best Twitter app for Samsung Android phone!
Tweeting slows down drastically when there's a major event. During presidential debates it was insufferable.
"Now tweets are slow to load
The best
This is not crowned king for that reason. Speed will drive customers crazy in frustration. The twitter stock app is even worse.  Before you buy read our full unbiased review at samfiel.co.uk on TweetCastor Pro
Love it
"Since last update
How do I see my followers / following? The instructions on the faq don't work. If i can't manage these easily it's useless.
Does all I need on twitter
"It'd have ""light bubbles "" with other colors besides blue
You can customize it  the UI looks fresh and new. Great for the eyes.
"Playing tweet video become a dream in this app
Excellent Twitter app
"Can't view people's tweets
Love this app but just recently every time i try to save a link to pocket to read later the tweetcaster app closes down
Been using this app for a while..
"Now feels dated. No option to auto play gifs and an interface that used to be practical back when Twitter was more limited
Great stuff
There is no refresh button on widget anymore What happened?
Let's see if things are better with this app
Love it
"There's an error
"I am saving a lot of pic from twitter. And tweetcaster is the best at this job. And of course
"I absolutely love this app. I've been using it for years now
"Always my timeline is cleaned when I sleep my screen. I like read old Twitters
"I've been using this app since its early days and love it. But with the latest version
"This was one of my earlier purchases
"Former falcon pro user
Why can't clicking a URL take you straight to a website? Why do we need readability? Answer these questions and earn 2 stars
"So much wrong after latest update. When are the fixes coming? I honestly don't like any other twitter platforms on my phone.. please let us know some expected dates for fixes from the last update. Ect.
Been using it a long time.... Works like a charm.... Easy to use..... Easy to see.... Just great. Always go back to TweetCaster!
"For some reason the tweet view widget is no longer showing the home
"Loved this app before. But the most recent update now makes it so that if I want to click on my profile (I have a locked account) to view my past tweets
The app after the new update is not performing well on Not 4
"Works well on my droid. Like the extra features. EDIT: one star after app crashes on purpose when trying to follow the President elect.  Poor taste
"Suddenly it starting flickering
Annoying notifications
Great app for personalized  news. The search function needs improvement.  The opinion and hate-filled tweets need to be filtered out somehow.
"Been using this for years
"I've used tweetcaster for years and loved it. This latest update however is completely broken. Can't view anything from protected accounts even when following them. I tried reinstalling the app to see if that helps and now I can't even sign back into my twitter accounts. It's constantly stuck on ""contacting twitter"". So no I have a completely unusable app that I paid good money for!"
Tweetcaster works for me from a design viewpoint.
"I have two major problems. One is that I am constantly getting notifications from old tweets.  Like every few hours from a tweet from a week ago
Crashes everytime I select URL and choose instapaper read later service. Is ok if that is chosen as default in tweetcaster settings. Please fix
Best Twitter app ever.
"I wouldn't use Twitter if it weren't for Tweet Caster. The TL is very clean and easy to scroll to the spot that you want to begin and the newest update allows a ""quote tweet"" function
Been great until last update and now can't see tweets from users who are protected even when we follow each other.  That's a serious problem that needs a quick fix as app unusable now
Best app for twitter
Been using Tweetcaster for over 3 years now and love it. Needs a fix however. It doesn't let me view the tweets or favorites of private users even though I'm following them. Also would like to see a polls feature. And please bring back who favorites your tweets in interactions. Still the best Twitter App out there and it's not close
Screen flickering since latest update !
Sucks my battery dry!
This is the best Twitter app that I've tried. Lots of customization.
"I'm using this for almost as long as I'm on Twitter since 2012. Compared with the 'official' Twitter app this gives you a clean Twitter feed without ads (at least in the Pro version) or annoying 'suggestions'. It (finally) now also supports quoted Retweets. Minor bugs: Occasional screen flicker and an error message 'Failed to load data' on pictures
Screen continues to flick. Annoying!
CAN U PLEASE FIX THE FLICKERING THAT HAPPENS WHEN NEW TWEETS COME IN?? IT IS VERY ANNOYING AND I CANT TAKE IT ANYMORE!!!!! CAN YOU PLEASE RESPOND TO MY QUESTION?? PLEASE HELP!!
"Twitter changes hurt tweetcaster for a while.  Recent updates have returned it to being my favorite Twitter app: easy to use
Simple and Awesome app for Twitter. Been using it for last 4 yrs. Only thing missing is group chat and polls. Hope you will add it soon.
The best just got better - now with long tweet support. Whoopee!
Makes you think youre stuck in 2006
Everytime I have to download the tweets (gap)
"Finally got quote tweet
"You make this application worse with your ""improvements"" to the UI.  Then completely ignore feedback.  This app was great
"So glad this has finally been updated
"Support tailed off and broke
"Love this app and have used for a long time for twitter feed. However
You guys finally did an update but unfortunately it has ruined the app. The app just jumps all over the screen. It flickers like a faulty light bulb before it blows.
Flickers every time i receive a new tweet.....?
Handles large number of follows well but doesn't do well with threaded tweets.
Recently came back to twitter and always used this app. It just does what I want it to. Superb work.
Yay
Why are users who are zipped not appearing on mentions? Bring back that feature again since I still talk to them
New update is causing glitches with every new tweet. Not smooth refresh. Plz correct to bring back up to 5☆
As of late with the new update the screen flickers every single time a new tweet comes through. Very annoying!
I would like to say how very satisfied I am with your program thanks what an  awesome job you did created it
The best app for tweeter
Tweetcaster pro
A long overdue update! Hooray!
I can't believe that i can't upload videos on Twitter unless i have YouTube account. Destroying your great app by something so silly. I have to use other apps to upload videos. Stupid
Very happy that this client is useable again. The one improvement I would like would be to be able to follow a link in one tap rather than two.
"Everything pretty much working again
"A huge huge thank you to the developers of this fantastic app
"Do not download this rapidly failing app. I was about to say ""Will you hurry up with the latest update
Sin duda el mejor
"This app is abandoned by the developer. The app crashes every now and then
Tried so many different twitter apps but keep coming back to this one. Still the best.
Was well worth the money. Like the options and look.
Great app
Great app but it needs a whole new make over. Wish it was more like the twitter app expect with the ads
"Easy to use
"This used to be the best twitter app
Videoes doesn't always play. I have to rely on other apps or browsers to play the videos
"This was always my favorite app
My tablet finally upgraded to Lolipop and now my Tweetcaster Pro widget has disappeared and I cant find it anywhere. How do I get it back?
Doesn't seem to have implemented the recent twitter changes meaning many of the tweets on my time line are truncated with a URL meaning I end up reading them in a browser. Seriously needs sorting out.
"I cant remember the last time this app was updated
This seems to be taking a long time to address.
Some nice features and pretty smooth. For $5 though you should be able to see who favorites your tweet.
"Interface that requires more taps to perform simple actions than the official app
"The Best Way To Tweet
"Used to be happy with it
"For a long time I would have the official Twitter app as well as at least one 3rd party Twitter client (like this one) installed on my phone. Recently
"Multi account
Great stuff
"It sticks
"Sad because I love the look of this app. But it needs to update so that I can quote & reply. Without that
I like it.
Was a great enthusiast till latest developments on Tweet length which make many Tweets unreadable on this app. Needs to be fixed fast
timeline like the Twitter app. On Samsung Galaxy S5.
"On my BlackBerry Passport SE 
"12+ months. Would like people blocked or
It's loading too slow!
Most versatile and intuitive. Keep it up.
"It has more features and looks better than the stock Twitter app
What the hell last update was in 2015 !!! Come on
"Where's the new update? Can't read tweet because now they are ignoring  picture
It's good
The best twitter app imo.
This used to be the best twitter app even so I bought the paid version just to be let down. It takes over 3 minutes to get a tweet or dm. I want my money back.. the few perks are being able to post on facebook and twitlonger other than that get the free version
"Was the best twitter app out there
Changing apps until the truncated tweet issue is resolved.
Works great
أفضل برنامج تويتر
"This used to be a good Third party Twitter app
"Sorry
Better twitter app
"Best twitter ap I have tried
This app hasn't been updated in over a year. It's missing key changes to Twitter and causes things to not work properly.
Selected text and cursor do not appear in Midnight display. Can y'all please review this matter?
"I hope the Dev team is working on making the new Twitter changes of ignoring the attachment
"Tweetcaster gives me a lot of nice features that the regular Twitter app doesn't have. However
I love Tweetcaster.
"Wish the UI would be updated to Material Design
The most convenient twitter app!
Now looking dated/tired
Just hope they update soon considering twitter has changed tweet length etc.
I enjoy using this
"Upgraded to pay version
please tell me how I remove ads on my paid Pro app! thx
So is it time to say goodbye tweetcaster or you will updrae it soon? We want to know!
Har mer eller mindre gett upp twitter på datorn eftersom jag gillar app varianten bättre.
Recommend. Works great.
"Unable to tweet twice in a row without hanging up and rebooting.  Three messages to service
"Really helps to maintain a social media presence
It is a perfect twitter app
"Half my screen is taken up with  bottom bar and crazy huge top bar
"Needs quote feature
روووووووووووعة
Good Twitter handler
My favorite 3rd party Twitter app! ❤️🐦
"I bought this because it was the best Twitter app and I loved the features.  Now that they have my money
nice app
Excellent
Best Twitter app
Nice
Awesome
Search function is broken. Still no polls. Very slow to load. Splash screen is annoying. No update in almost a year. I can only assume they're making so much money from ads and in app purchases that pro users are ignored.
Waste of money! Want my money back!
1. twit longer is gone 2. location gps button in corner of tweet box no longer works
"Still like the app
Brilliant app. Excellent zip it feature that works really well
"App hangs
"It's ok
"Don't waste your money. Sure this is a fantastic app and I've always used it and sung it's praises
Been using it for years. Nothing compares
The ui is superb. Easy to use even for 5 years old kids.
https://play-lh.googleusercontent.com/a-/AOh14GhecZPlWbeviBWcIW4VpPUInKLmtOOFgdBzmw8LT9w
Much improved since last update but lacking the 'quote tweet' option which funnily us available on the free version. Otherwise would be a 5 star rating 👀
Still using this app simple and elegant.
This is the best Twitter app I've come across.
"I love this app & use it over twitter
Its amazingly beautiful and easy to use!
I've paid for the pro (never even used the free version) and can't use it. Screen becomes unresponsive and turns black! Please help!
It's good but has a few bug's from time to time.
Can't currently recommend as it hasn't been updated for around a year (and maybe never will be again). Some key Twitter features are therefore missing. It used to be good but I'll now be switching to an alternative.
"I'm not sure why
"Have been using this app for a few years
"Seriously? I thought the paid version was supposed to be an upgrade. Why is this feature
Otherwise it's great. Everything you could need. Biggest convenience: being able to selectively cross-post to Facebook on a per tweet basis.
No ads
"When a better one comes along
Would be 5 stars If you added more themes PLEASE!!!
"Two phones later
So much better than the stock app for Twitter. Plus a good widget.
"I love the dark theme
Lately i have been having lots of problems showing images and videos.  I log into Twitter using a web browser and the images and videos show up quickly.  It's time for an update.
Can't view polls.  It doesn't even indicate when there is a poll which can be confusing.
This app has an outdated look and is in need of a definite overhaul
Blocking function no longer works. Been broken for a while now! The freeze ups while scrolling are finally unbearable. uninstalled!
Best app ever
"I miss using an external Web browser
I have about every Twitter app available. I still think TweetCaster is better than Plume and Uber but it loses style points against the original Twitter app. You can't vote in polls or create one. It's still good managing multiple accounts but it does leave a lot to be desired. This was the first Twitter app buy used and I've kept it because it allows me two post from my business account and Facebook simultaneously. But over the last seven years it is no longer my favorite. And your boy bought the premium 1
worth the $...  i can sign into both of my accounts and tweet.
Please enhance app to support Twitter polls
When this application first came out it was top of the line now it has fallen way behind times they need to release updates that release new features
Better than original twitter for me
Great app!!!
"Why is the quote feature available on the FREE version and not the PAID for ""PRO"" version?!   This is asinine. Will change rating once fixed."
Tweetcaster Pro is the way to go!
Have to force close the app to get it to update.
It works for me...
"This app need to fix the Arabic alignment
Abandoned
Best client for Android. New 'phone install and Tweetmarker now operates perfectly.
"No updates the app has been abandoned
"Will not load on my wife's phone.  Says ""Tweetcaster has shout down"" even after reinstall"
v goooooood
"Great Features
It keeps freezing and i bought the upgrade one
Awesome
there is no update for the paid version.
The app was good but does not keep up with new Twitter features such as liking tweets and twitter polls. Starting looking for a new app which does these.
"Why on the App I PAID for isn't there an option to ""quote"" a tweet like there is on the free app? I use that feature A Lot
DM sometimes will not delete right a way. Have to uninstall then reinstall to delete
Won't let me post any attachments. What a joke? Can't believe I paid for this.
Glitches here &  there. Wish they would put quoting in the app
Love this Twitter client. I upgraded for the falcon pro that is not supported anymore but still usable. This is better than stock. Five stars
I'm happy with it
Could never update my own profile and since ive become more active its a major problem
"Works much faster and smoother than the free version. Some minor notification issues
Always updating to stay at the top - I love Tweetcaster!
Needs material design and better quoted tweet support. No update since Sept. 2015. Wake up!
"I'm using it few years already and as I'm really satisfied
Needs to be updated asap
Best Twitter app out.
"After a long time using it as a free version
ain't it time to update this app?
"But now I post one tweet and it hits the limits twice in a row (Two dialogs
Almost 5 stars.  Needs better dark theme.  Totally black... Not charcoal black.
I'm giving 5 stars when enable mute button and group DMs.
Where is the Quote option??
"App use to be perfect.. So many issues with it now
Nice to see all the bugs have been ironed out. Couldn't live without it.
Great app
Long time I have used this program its the best. But we need Update so we can vote… like the original twitter
Can't attach or load  pictures with some services.
This hasn't been updated in almost a year. This app has no support for quoting tweets or polls or any of the recent twitter features. GUI is old and outdated. It is not enough anymore. Are you guys planning an update or have you given up?
Integration with Twitlonger is missing from my app.
Just what the doctor ordered. Fast and smart.
This used to be the best twitter app around but now it's fallen so far behind everything else. Now basic things like commenting on quotes/retweets aren't possible and it's probably not even worth it to mention everything else. This only thing this app has over others is the zip it feature.
"If I tweet with exactly 0 characters remaining
"To see if errors [FC's] stop.  Have used Tweet caster for many
If any day in any update they will fix the detect gap after timeline refreshes it will be the perfect twitter app
"Love it
Good app but can't play twitter videos
Still can't quote tweet? How ridiculous is that? Please improve the app before we paid users move on.
Love it
Great App
Fine program...
Nice and easy to use .
Very Distracting
Can no longer save pictures
Quickly swap accounts. Posting is very smooth and easy.
"I bought this version
"I have had the app for a couple years
It doesnt open on Nexus 5x
Seems like this doesn't get updated any more sadly
Good one
Thankz
"After I decided to support this app it has stopped updating since forever
"Most user friendly Twitter client I've used
"I can no longer send tweets with pix attached. Any time I try I get a ""failed to send"" message. I went into my app  permissions and made sure everything was enabled
Good app. Been using it for yrs.  Needs some attention. Maybe an UPDATE!!!
I use it daily.
"Have been a long time user
♥ everything about this app other than that I can't quote a tweet. Otherwise I'd give 5 🌟
Awesome
"The block feature seems not to be working at all.  Annoying but still I'd rather it worked.  Also I noticed the quote feature is not here on the pro version? Other than those two things
"Hasn't been updated since last September. Very glitchy on Marshmallow. Almost everything you do causes your timeline to reload
Wonderful!
Perfect
I have been using this for 5 years. Loved it so much I got the pro version. The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because I have to periodically (about twice a year) do a complete uninstall  due to extreme delays for certain functions.
This app saved me from the standard twitter app
Does everything I need it to do.
"I've been using this for years and have had no issues with it at all.   Interface is good
I cant see ppl that quote my tweet in my mentab. Thats annoying. How to refund this?
"Hate the icon/logo
Very happy with this app does everything I need it to do.
The ad removal isn't worth it when you take features away. Add quoting to the paid. Doesn't make sense that it isn't available.
"I know that some will prattle on about ""Not enough features"" or ""Rudimentary design"" or some such other nonsense. But know this:  I am an avid tester and assessor of all things. And of this you can be certain. Tweetcaster Pro is the best Twitter app out there right now. It combines all the features I (as a 30something Tweeter) need. Whether
"There are certain features and conveniences missing. For example
Routinely crashes and 10 second freeze after closing a picture or link.
Nice :)
Best out there
Tweet caster is letting me catch up with all the tweets and it's getting me back again to twitter
Much better than generic app.
Better
I think that's the best twitter app ever
Works fine!
Update: I still see Tweetcaster has not fixed the notifications.Needs to add the quote a tweet function from twitter. Does not update the list correctly. Great start though. Also push notifications are not real time. They are delayed quite substantially.
The widget doesn't work when I move to the SD Card. Follow me at HighlyFa4d.
Handle. Easy to use. Love it!!
Been using for years. But why I'd the free version a better version than this paid one? Why can't I quote on the Pro version!?!
Horrible waste of money. Crashes far more than every program/application combined I have ever used in my entire life. Slow/Crashing/Freezing
Better than the official twitter app!
this app is becoming slower and slower.  also it won't play snappy TV so I have to open regular Twitter app if I want to look at videos.  looking for a new Twitter app
Pretty app.
Constantly freezes on my Note5 or LGv10. Can't handle large followings. Even with one account on it with a moderate following keeps freezing. Definitely NOT worth any money.
"Does well
"The search and list functions are far superior to the official Twitter app. The dark background option is also a welcome alternative to the Twitter app's  white-only option. The timeline does feel a bit cluttered
Allows enough info to come across but not over loading you.
Awesome App
"A few minor issues
I love this app for twitter. Much better then the twitter app
"Giving you all the tools to tweet on the go
The perfect Twitter app!