"Upgraded my phone to Galaxy s21
"So I just bought the pro version
Moved to pro
"TweetCasterPro WAS great app
"I used the free version for a year or so and found it worked well
Excellent
Paid upgrade does not allow me to import any of the years of config and customisation done in the free version. I feel penalised for buying it.
Garbage app. 👎
When is the last update for this? It lags wonth let me delete lists full of bugs!
"Don't you guys think it's been a very very long time to update and implement the actual twitter features like quote gif
"Waiting for class action lawsuit haha used to be so good
Fix the widget already. Doesn't work on note 20 ultra and latest Android OS
"Stop the timing out. No other app stops people from Tweeting
"So many basic operations
Not able to create widget at Android 11.pls help.
Nice app for info on most anything
Would be five stars please make some bigger Widgets plzzzzzzzz
Much improved. Still can't figure our how to change an AVI or background photo. I am NOT the smartest IT guy around.
amazing Twitter app
Solid app.
Having issues removing accounts
Hreat control over multiple accounts.
"This app has not been updated since my previous review in 1/2020. Functionality is failing
Miss the FB linking and font changing but it's better than the Twitter app imho! 🐦
Why is this so slow? Any updates in the near future?
great app but trends don't work properly from time to time and trends are the most important part of twitter
After years of owning TweetCaster Pro I still love it!
"Yes you do deserve this review & the 1 star rating. Update: Dec 05/17 - they figured out that Twitter allows 280 characters
"This used to be the gold standard of twitter clients but since September 2020
"Update: This app is lagging and has had zero updates since January when their token was restored..... Very glad to have Tweetcaster back after the access token issue! No other 3rd party Twitter app's functionality compares. Hopefully the devs stick around for further updates
"Trending is back
Trends are not correct...not showing new trends from last 3 days...it showing same trends 😔
"*updated rating* As of 08/25/2020 App is not refreshing
"Avoid
"The best Twitter app available
It can't download video. Also webpage error when clicking links.
"I love that app
Over the past few months this app has become very slow to load new tweets. Clicking links has even longer load times. No updates since January.
"One of the best app i use for twitter
"Is good but I need editing my control panel for my notifications and messages
Great app
After coming back to Android after a few years this app needs updating and it would be nice to see some buttons under each tweet to favorite or reply even read replies. Also is doesn't notify me of new tweets anymore.
Easy way to use twitter
"I Can't see my DM anymore
Great app but terrible UI needs a cleaner interface
I love tweetcaster!!
Love it!!
I like it 👌
Great app if I didn't get a 403 error each time I try to add users to a list. Also nearby should have a option nearby on followers friends list/yours. I'll update my review when we get a update
"It supposed to be good twitter app. But recently I find this app ""tweetcaster has stop working"" or ""force close"""
"Widget no longer works on Note 9? Any advice please. Uninstalled / installed no change. Widget is dragged to home page
Still my favourite Twitter app
"Had this app forever and rarely have issues. Lately though
TweetCaster Pro was my go2 Twitter app for YEARS until Nov 2019 when crash after crash led me 2 uninstall it & start having 2 use a different app. Just recently found that there was a long-overdue update in Jan 2019 & was very excited 2 start using TweetCaster Pro again! Had 2 adjust app permissions 4 TweetCaster Pro timeline widget when it wouldn't work but app permission adjust fixed that. Now having issue w/TweetCaster Pro Aviary Plugin crashing. WILL stick w/TweetCaster & hope 4 some fixes!
Works for me
"يا أخ عبدالله السبيعي خاصية إخفاء الرتويت تجدها أضيفت مع التصفية الذكية ""smart filter"""
Has Pro's & Cons but nothing that I can't tolerate. Best of the Twitter apps for me.
"knocked off 2 stars
"24Apr2020 Hi
Best one for my uses. There are few issues but nothing big. I like it and One Louder Apps was quick to respond to a request. Solid Twitter app.
I can't see who favourite the tweets.
Fast response for thread support. Still I have failure for some kind of link. Back to 4 stars. Although not seriously updated for over a year still a very good app. Though they need to maintain it... I can't open some kind of links from the app and they don't respond through their Twitter.
It is the best of its kind. Love the fact that when there is a reply to a tweet it gives you the whole conversation.
"Thank u for updating this app again. I'd like to see shortcut for ""RT or reply or like"" directly under people's posts instead of clicking the post to RT/reply/like the posts. I hope we can have it in the next update 😁 been using this app since 2011 and this is the best for me."
I bought the app and it is awesome. Please add full support for Fediverse protocols as well.
Good view of tweets and RTs are better because give good description not just web address! Would like if all dis9layed in landscape but majority do so 4 stars!
So many things go wrong while using this app.. The widget for starters doesn't stay on my screen
Best twitter app! I wouldnt go any where else. Check it out !!
"I am happy to be back again after 
Purchased this just because of widget which crashes every time I'm trying to add it onto desktop.
"Downloaded app for the widget availability because my other one has been screwy for months...now
we need a update! this is a great app
"I really tweetcaster. I've tried several other apps including the official Twitter app but this is the best. I can control background & text color
i rather not have pic vid on feed but wont load pic or vid on link unless ya turn on the media... even when menu comes up saying open link it wont... be nice to have look at convo without having to go via menu... other than that it has best layout than most twit apps
"Could not connect to Twitter
Oke setelah sekian lama tidak di update. Saya coba ini aplikasi. Kalau masih ada yang error saya hapus !
"Works
Most enjoyable. More versatile than Twitter's app.
Seems like this app is not incompatible. I am unable to post tweets and no updates to this app since 2018. Update: issue resolved
Best App for tweeter
"Mostly dead app with regards to innovation. This company or individuals that write the software
"Author updated API token but still needs to be modernized with VIDEO SUPPORT U/D directly with Twitter not outdated YouTube. Twitter supports video directly now. Its a good Twitter app but with more work could be great. FAVESTAR is Dead & support needs to be removed. Better single page followers to match who & who doesnt needed. Eveything works as far as I can tell but still testing. Thanks for the update. Ron@Memphis
i cant access my account
Beautifull theme
I have been happy with TweetCaster for years.
This app is my frequent use @bdimples
The ONLY thing it doesn't do for me is show threads.
"An update
Last check these app where own by sprint wireless know that t-mobile in change whats gonna happan to are apps. Nov.24.2014 It works real good all my android phones I use app on four android phones and work s all them
"Apparently the api needs updated once again
"When tweeting
Failed to Load Data on endless repeat. This used to work great. Now it's garbage Update!!! Now working and back to 5 stars.
"My favorite Twitter app. I wish it could do a couple things better
Love the easy use of the interface. Lists work well. Have tried several other Twitter apps and I am sold on TweetCaster Pro!
My Fav Twitter App
"When opening video ""Failed to load data"""
"Token Fixed
Great app!
Best Twitter app in the market. Tried almost all Twitter apps including other paid ones. But nothing comes closer to tweet caster pro. Zip line feature is icing on the cake
"Apparently I created a review for this app in my pocket.... So far this app meets all my needs the best
"Luv the app
Best Twitter app
Glad to have this app back. Like the layout and it does all I want .
Thank you! TweetCaster is back!
Widget is still broken.
Update fkd it up. Can't get in. FIX it... UPDATE!! OneLouder has responded - quickly - and are working with Twitter to resolve the issues. Great customer service... Thx!
Very expensive and no updates since ages.
Better than the official twitter app!!
Kudos to OneLouder for continuing to support this app. I paid a couple of pounds for it almost a decade ago and am delighted to see it still being supported.
Finally tweetcaster is working again. The best Twitter app is back !!!
The best. The most simple easy to use l.
I have used Tweetcaster Pro for years and have been very happy with it. Happy that they fixed the recent issue but now I can't get the widget to work.
"Widgets fail to install after Jan 2020 fix This app has worthwhile features that no other Twitter Android client has
"What' s going on now
"2/2/20 Update: Finally able to connect and ""authenticate"". I like this app
Great little app!
So glad it's back. The best way to interact with twitter.
"2020-02-01 OneLouder restored TweetCaster Pro's ability to access Twitter. Tweetcaster supports multiple Twitter identities (think personal
Could you please add option to arrange (moving up / down) bookmarks in the order we desire instead of the order they were added
"Hi
Best one and very easy to use it
"The best Twitter apps! Chronological tweets
"Now working again. Certainly not the most fully featured Twitter replacement but having spent a few days trying others like Albatross or Friendly
Best app out there!
I still cannot sign in and the app is written failed to connect to twitter.. please help..
App is dead as of 1/27/2020. Update 1/31: App is fixed. Wish it was actively developed (group DMs please)
This is a good client that could use some love from the developer. Clean interface and easy to use. Recommended!
Revised. Has stopped working. Will not connect to Twitter.
Best twitter app by far. Support is very good.
"Things were great until lately it became useless can't connect
As of 31/1/2020 app released a new update finally and all work flawlessly again. Best app for Twitter!
Easy to use and looks great. Beats the standard Twitter app hands down in my opinion.
ناقصه بس يعرض التصويتات
Still not working.
Welcome back TweetCaster!
"Please
"Best app to use as a widget for Twitter. Although there are other ones
Best Twitter app.
This app doesnt work. Says error 401
It's back ladies and gentlemen!!!
TECH SUPPORT!... Thank you! More updates in the future would be great!
Fixed
"Still same
"Thanks so much for coming back
Hands down the best Twitter app on market absolutely perfect keep up the great work. Great customer service the application was down for couple days I emailed Oneloud the get back with me in couple of hours letting me know they are fixing the issue. Did an update and it's working again like a champ. Thank you for fast fix and update over email
Glad it's working again. For me the best Twitter app out there.
All good again. Thanks for the fast update .
"Love this app had it for years
"Update - service has been restored
Update for 30 January 2020: API fixed so back to working again.
Awesome app I am using it for last five years
Looking for updates to reflect all the new twitter features
Better than the official Twitter app
thank you
"Thank you for the update
Thank you for the update. It's fixed now. And here's your 5 stars reinstated.
Working now after the update! Missed using it while it was down. Didn't like using Twitter's app while waiting for the fix.
"Byy far and away the best app for Twitter. Best user interface. I wish they would display the ""likes"" like the regular app does; this one just goes to the ""Favestar is for sale"" message"
The best Twitter app out there. Very glad they issued a fix to restore access.
"Oh sweet Jesus
Best Twitter app by far
THANK YOU
"Solid Twitter app. Supports multiple accounts and separate timeliness. Very customizable. Restored rating for this app after they fixed the problem. One Louder
It finally works after the latest update. Thanks!
"App died with no warming. Update: fair enough
"Best Twitter app to date
"30JAN2020 Access resorted! If you're using Tweetcaster Pro
Fixed and working great. Thx
After fixing it works again. The team should maintain this app regularly though
"Finally....an update. Thank you
Thank you for updated token! Best twitter app is back! Please don't stop development of this brilliant app!
"They fixed the app again and all is working just as well as it always has
Fix problem promptly. Replied to my concerns swiftly and professionally. Thank you so much
"Out of all the apps for Twitter
"As promised
Best Twitter app out there. Has some issues here and there but by far better than any of the others.
All my issues have been fixed except I don't get notifications on my phone
"Best Twitter Application
GREAT App! Much prefer over Twitters app.
"They have updated the API key so it's working on. Still over a year since the last significant update
"Tweetcaster is fantastic. Zero problems
"Second update: so Onelouder does not monitor their auth token and only reacts to 1 star reviews. Says it all: this app is dead and being neglected. Update january 2019: apparently this app is dead. I recommend Tweetings as a replacement. Rating down to one star
"Yay
needs an update. won't open.
"I only gave it 1 when I was locked out
"So very happy this app is now working again! Thank you
"It is working again!! 8 years as a subscriber they've always been quick to respond to my emails! Thank you! I reached out to TweetCaster 36 hours ago and... Here is the latest RAPID reply from Tweetcaster moments ago (1/30/2020): ""We just pushed the update to the Play store and it should be available for download any time now. Once you update the app
Tweetcaster is working again 👍👍 Best Twitter client ever.
App is working again after the update Best one I've used for Twitter. Glad it has been fixed
Huge THANK YOU to the devs for coming back after a year and a half to update the API token so we can still use this app. It's been my favorite for nearly a decade and the thought of switching to the official app was so upsetting. I missed my temporary zip list so much!
Thank you for getting that token fixed. All is well once again and my favorite 3rd party Twitter app has been restored!
App is fixed! Best Twitter app. Period! Thank you One Louder!
"Always been great
Thank god for the update
yuhuuuu..it's working again!!..thanks for updated
Stopped working. Can not connect to Twitter anymore. No information. Their web site/blog hasn't been updated for years. Last tweet from them over a year ago. Is the company still alive?
"cant get this to work
Dont buy or use this app! The owner is to lazy to contact Twitter to update their Token. Freaking waste of money here. Even Google wont refund funds paid for this worthless app.
These few days I cannot sign in because its say cannot connect with twitter.. Hope it's can be solve asap..
First time purchase on a Brand New Phone One Week Ago...tons of bugs and now it won't even let me sign in...From the bottom of my heart I'm warning you all! YOU WILL BE DISAPPOINTED
App just abruptly stop working. Is it over with?
"📍 Stopped working Jan 27
This app used to be great but hasn't been updated in a long time and has completely stopped working completely for me as of Jan.26 2020.
"I kept getting ""we can't authenticate you"" message starting Jan 29
"This app was great when it was supported. Now
Doesnt work anymore
"Been days since I could connect to Twitter via the app. Slow to update (last update 10/18
"App no longer connects to Twitter... Developers keep saying they are fixing and updating
"App isn't working
Welcome back!
"401 authentication error
FAILED TO CONNECT TO TWITTER
"I hope you will be back soon. At the time of writing this we still getting could not authenticate you error. I for one am suffering
"Support request: after the last update doesn't connect to my twitter account
My accounts stopped working as of 1/27. I am unable to login or add new accounts on this app.
I loved this app but now all I get is 401 error can't authenticate!
Not working any more ...what happened? I have tweetcaster pro
Stopped working. Constant 401 error.
Please fix TweetCaster! Something has severely gone wrong with the app; I can't even use it! This was my favorite app for Twitter. Hopefully they will take care of the issues very soon!
"Love the app
"Totally broken
can't connect to Twitter
Can't connect to Twitter. It's dead. This is the end. Or maybe the developers don't have enough money to pay the APIs anymore.
"Was great
Where are you developers? The app has stopped signing in for all users. Update as soon as possible.
Been using it for years now ot does not let me access
It appears this app had been abandoned. Last night it broke for everyone i know of who was using it. Still down and no response from the developers. Thankfully there are alternative app not put out by this company.
"Love the app and have been using it for years now. However
Just stopped working altogether.
"Stopped working and they didn't say anything. At least issue a statement
the best twitter app all these years but died prematurely. Now moving to Fenix 2 pro for stability.
Stopped working as of 1/27/20
As of Jan 27 2020 this app no longer works. Everyone is getting a 401 error.
GAME Over then!!!:) ...
Stopped working completely days ago. I uninstalled and reinstalled and I can't even add an account now so it looks like I'm being told to sod off. I shall!
This app used to be great and have used for years. No it seems to have been abandoned.
"I used to enjoy this app. Yesterday I started getting Protocol error 401
"Used to be a fantastic app. Used it for years
"Tweetcaster is down. Is it selective? Back up
"Hi teams... I've been used this app since long time ago 
"Tweetcaster won't connect to twitter
Failed to connect to Twitter!!! No me deja iniciar sesión!!?
"Jan 27
Absolutely love that Twitter feed is on the chronological order
"So
"401 error
"This app is very clearly no longer supported
Stopped working again
App just stopped loading completely. Cannot contact Twitter. 401 Error.
App just stopped working completely with a can't login error.
"So
App appears to have lost its token access to Twitter and will not authenticate. RIP TweetCaster.
"Love it
Unable to connect Twitter server
401 too since today
I am now getting a 401 authentication error. The app is no longer usable.
I got the pro but it failed to connect to twitter، requested refund
Paid for pro and nothing works right any more. Guess the dev's abandoned the app.
Love it.😁🥰
Won't login through app. Was having issues with images loading and stopped this morning. 1/3/2020
Since 2018 and no update for the app!
"TweetCaster has never done me wrong
the ever best but why access to Direct Message? What about privacy? Why no regular updates?
It seems like the dev team has stopped doing any work. Favorites link to Favstar (dead site) and it randomly switches between the multiple accounts.
Dead app no updates since 2018
"This app is so simple
"Was a great third party app originally but the lack of regular updates (what
"At first 4 stars for this app
I've noticed that my lists don't populate anymore on my Galaxy Tab. They do populate on my phone (Pixel2) however. Is this a known issue?
Either cannot log into twitter account or 404 errors when checking links. Nothing to say.
Great app.
The App will not delete old direct messages. Also cannot upload pics
Easy to navigate.
"C""mon Man ! It's been exactly a year since any update on this app. Should I consider it Abandonware or what ? Still a okay app but no improvements ...such as that bright compose window that can double as a phone flash light. Darken things alittle bit. Need a new way to customize things as well."
It's high time this app gets more update
Best Twitter app I've tried. Actually shows tweets in chronological order!!!!
In desperate need of an overhaul... Don't buy this in its present state...
Widget keeps closing the app when I try to add it to my home screen.
hasn't worked in 3 months. the app can't connect to twitter to even sign in.
I have 3 android devices and it is important to me that I can sync the timeline. Unfortunately it just doesn't work.
"I have adjusted/edited my 1 star 🌟 review to a 5 🌟
A reasonable twitter platform. Some minor odd behavior and slightly opaque design in places but otherwise fine.
Doesnt show images in tweets posted through Twitter Ad composer.
"I had a problem with an older version of the paid app. It kept showing ads. When I reported the problem they refunded me quickly which showed me a responsive customer service. That problem is fixed now. It's a great way to use Twitter on android. One precaution I'd give is
when I click on the favourites button of any tweet the app takes me to an external useless webpage ... can you fix this problem?? I want to see the favourites of any tweet within the app. I am very annoyed.
Good.
"Well I have been using this app for a while. I use to really live it
Notifications have stopped working since I changed from Sansung Galaxy s6 to s10. Has been my go to app otherwise.
Since a long time there are no updates to the program
I bought this app and it doesn't even work won't even connect to Twitter what's up with that?
I want to cancel my twitter app. Just had it for 10min... Need refund!
Their latest update is dumb as all hell. Can't use the app to edit uploaded picks. When you click on a picture you can rotate. save it. but there's no damn back button. You have to click on the picture to back up 🤷‍♂️
The ability to send direct messages to followed accounts has stopped. Don't pay for this app until it is repaired. It was a twitter dot com problem
wonderful tool.
So far pretty good...
Am one of this app fans but I have some comments on it. 1. It gets freezing when I am playing videos and can't solve it unless I restart my phone 2. It is slow app when it concerns with photos view 3. Updates are always late
I've been using this app since 2010 and it hasn't failed me yet!
l am still discovering it's features over all great
Receiving no new tweet notifications at all. Don't know what's going on with this app.
"Used to love this app. Like REALLY love it. But looks like it's no longer supported. Had to change password on a couple of my accounts via the Twitter web page - and now am unable to access those accounts on the app. Can't even delete the old accounts and re-add them with the new passwords. Uggh. RIP
"I've used this app for years. I've tried others but I like this one best
no update since last year 🤦‍♂️
This is my go to Twitter app. It does everything you can want. Easy to use. I've been using it since I first joined. Tried other apps but keep returning to TweetCaster.
No option to download videos. Fix and 5 star
"had 4 mins crashed. not refunded. Samsung s9+ it's terrible
"TOP APP. BUT PLS STILL 140 CHARRACTER. IT'S ART OF WRITTING A MESSEGE (Edited 15 juni 2019) I buy the Pro version years ago but now I can't install to the other gadget although I had erased the app on my old gadget
وجدت فيه ميزة سهولة الاستخدام .. ويخلو من التعقيد في الأوامر والخيارات
YOUR THE BEST! NOT IN JEST! TRUMP STUMPED! HIS AURA DUMPED!
"Used to be the best
"Doesn't load videos or images
"Excellent app. Apart from one issue. With 19:9 screens having time-line
"hasn't been updated in eons
Needs update. It keeps crashing
"Just installed the official Twitter app. Now I'm realizing just how bad this app is. Find something else
Best tweeter app on the market. This is the only one I use.
"Must have twitter client pro is the version you want
Mr. Ali Alyami
Used to love this but Lists still not working on Samsung Galaxy Tab S4. No sign of a fix and last updated 29th October 2018. Developer doesn't even reply. Time to go back to Owly I think. Downgraded to 2 stars as still no interest shown by developer and still no update since Oct 2018. Got to make it 1 star now and that's too many.
Works plain and simple
widgets will not load on latest android system please fix widgets
Excellent
rad
"Why does every want to mention
notifications not working have to open app to see if new tweets
Should have paid long ago. developers are worth investing in and these folks I certainly trying to provide us a good platform. this is the best app I have found.
it use to be an awsome app no updates since october 2018 it doesn't refresh línea it use to about uninstall it's a shame i buyed the pro way back
"App keeps crashing
"was nice
Most videos are no longer playing in the app. I am using Samsung Tab4. SM-T531 Android version 5.0.2.
Excellent for filtering Twitter and presenting information in a readable way; but would it be too much trouble not to rely on long-defunct favstar for who has liked tweets?
Amazing
"I've tried a lot of twitter clients
I've been a TweetCaster Pro user for years and I've always considered it 5 stars.
Great app so far. Been using twitter for a few days & didn't like the generic twitter. TweetCaster was a worthy purchase! Great job Devs!
The best Twitter app you will ever need.
best twitter option...
v.good
بصورة عامة جيد جدًا
"Very nice 👍🏼👍🏼. BUT it needs some small adjustments for example
SAMSUNG GALAXY S9➕
"used for years
still lacking in user interface. still not friendly when using hashtags…
Needs updated after android update broke widgets... Please fix
"Got it
 Check if TC is optimized and remove if so."
"guys
"Feature filled. Powerful. Please fix favorites
"Updated Review: I've given up and removed the app. Talon is much better and up to date. Old Review: Getting constant errors regarding the amount of time to load the tweet when I load more details on a tweet. I'm sending feedback for the errors when this occurs. I've tried sending feedback and logs
I love this app but Twitter has been slowly choking the functionality out of it.
schedule post problem
"Using for years
"I Can't believe you are the best thing that since I was hacked about the same time ev ery word or you have any questions please feel free to contact me at the same time and place for the night so I'm sure you will be able to make it to the meeting on the calendar. Don't be late like Andrew
Still needs more bug fixes. Can't edit or remove old Twitter accounts in settings. Time lag to access user information gets longer over time.
"Well
Love this app but the trending topics have stopped working. Haven't updated since Christmas.
I'm giving 5 because Twitter is attacking 3rd party apps by forcing them to remove features to migrate more users to their native app. The widget or notifications is never coming back yall... the trends seem broke too. One louder yall have been magnificent supporting this app but Twitter has declared war to control revenue. Im in it to the end with yall. 1louder is the reason I actually still use Twitter even tho the official app has gotten better. Its been a pleasure!!!!
Usually great.
Bit glitchy on times but worth it to get rid of all the Twitter changes that Jack keeps introducing and to be able to turn off retweets for your whole timeline
Not bad. Used to be great but now rather dated. Needs an overhaul. Could easily be made top of the range.
Does not display notifications anymore. I have to open the app to check only to find 150+ new tweets. Needs to be fixed since I paid for pro.
I do not get notifications any longer. It's worthless for me without notifications. Yes I have them set up to work.
"Was always a won app
The only things I find wrong. The tweet notification is screwed only show when it wants too also if you install a custom notification setting for a account there is no way to delete them. Also the faqs fonts suck bad can't see it in the white background of the website and no way to leave a reply as I can see no support page
"This has been my go to Twitter app for many years. Last update killed the widget essentially making the app useless. The whole point is to have my feed up on my desktop where I get an occasional glance
I originally bought it on the Amazon store. When it stopped updating there I decided to I it again on the Google store.
Will not allow a connection to Facebook. In app buttons for Facebook are missing.
"Best Twitter app
The Widget still broken cannot added to the homescreen (Honor 8X)
"What? You say you've fixed DM? There's still no access to DM's that are in a group
Like the app and use it for years however the widget function is now broken and I can no longer add it to my home screen
"Pros: Shows more than 20 trending topics. Cons: no group chat
"Update 2: Some features functioning again. Widget still broken
"Have lost my lists
"Over the last 2 years I've tested/assessed this app OFTEN. I'm updating my review again. STILL excellent.. It seems to get better and better
"Swift follow up. Still a bit glitchy when trying to tweet with pic. It goes immediately to ""failed tweet""."
This app worked flawlessly until this update. It doesn't notify me of any tweets anymore. I have to open the app to check for any tweets now.
"It is a great app
Pictures are back but notifications aren't. I'm sure they're working on it though with how fast they fixed the picture problem.
Notifications for new tweets is no longer working since last update. Pictures seem to have been resolved but having to open the app & refresh it every time is a bit frustrating. Please fix!
Updated
"It had been a good app before
"My original review was full of praise for this app & 5 stars. As of today (19.09.18)
Since the update a few days ago i no longer get new tweet notifications
The one killer thing this has over official app is better list management. Would be nice to see a material design rework.
the most thing i really love in this app is (zip) but i hope soon as possible you can add more features downlod video for example as many apps did
Revising rating from two stars to five now that the DM issue is fixed!  ------  Used to love this app but now I can't read my DMs. Apparently the solution is to download Tweetcaster and pay AGAIN for Pro? Way to piss off your previous customers! Please update this app or give us free upgrades. Thanks.
"Excellent app
Now that it is fixed. Best app for Twitter!
After a fix back to being the best again.
Thank you for fixing the images so quickly.
EDIT: Update fixed the photos issue and it opened quickly. OLD: Fixed DMs but broke everything else including profile pics and non Instagram pictures. Uninstalled and reinstalled but now it's not even opening!
"And boom
A recent update made the App largely unusable due to inability to view photos. Developers responded extremely quick and fixed the issue. Top marks returned and justifiably so. Best twitter client that I've found and only missing twitter polls to make it perfect.
The latest update has removed everyone's avatars and any picture or video screenshot. I've stopped using it til it's fixed
What the hell happened? No icons?
Will there be a fix for the missing feature of posting tweets to Facebook? It is the major reason why I am using this app instead of the official Twitter app. 😒
https://play-lh.googleusercontent.com/a-/AOh14Gh6NjkPPqgAqaRjOAItkFr1KULfkPtVFYWEqctZ
After the 10/26 update app stop showing pictures
Used to be great. Now its broke. Does not refresh on its own
It's been over a year since last updated. Crashes on Android 7.0. Sad.
"I am legally blind and this app is perfect for me. I can blow up the font and read without my magnifier. So easy to scroll and create lists. Customer service is old-fashioned and REAL. The explanations are precise
"Was a great app
"Hope you don't like pictures or user icons
"It's still a good app
UI has to change..
The best tweet app I have ever used
"I think the Dev. Stop this app long time no update
Non pro version updated to fix DM issue. Why hasn't the pro version been fixed or even updated since December 2017?
No longer able to access DMs from within the app. I will amend my review if and when this is fixed.
Loyal user of Pro for 7+ years. Unfortunate to see it so broken. Loss of DMs totally destroyed it's usefulness to me. Sad.
Reply All doesn't reply to all. Only to the original tweet. Especially on RTs. This is super dumb. Especially since I paid for this app. Figured out after they don't even update this app anymore. Avoid.
"Below average. App can't view threads unless people link to last post of thread (most people link first). Has issues with IG photos. Polls not visible (twitter's fault
Direct messaging no longer works!
"Seems like the devs have truly given up on this app
The best Twitter app for non business persons. Themes and other features are all awesome.
"Not the best anymore: (Size?) Smart filter y? image/sort? FS image view
Works good. Especially the tablet version. One thing that is annoying is that you constantly have to load tweets in between.
still no gif support. PLEASE put interactions in the same tab as mentions. trying to make people who already paid for the app years ago pay again should be criminal but it's still a good app and i can still figure out how to get it biiiihh
Best Twitter App available TC Pro is superb!! I wouldn't use anything else!
افضل برامج تويتر استخدمته. تويت كاستر
It does what I want.. a simple apps for using twitter
"Consistent Twitter API errors
9.2.7
"Last time this app gives error and crash was around 2016 and then fine 
9.2.7
Best app for Twitter. No clutter in timeline
"All the customization you want plus multi accounts support! Edit: use to 
9.2.7
The custom colors don't work for the bubble setup please fix this
Pro works nice
Like it. Works for me.
Still lack of many features !!
"Reliable
9.2.7
Please provide updates regularly
Best Twitter app.
"Great in some respects
9.2.7
i always get an error cide 404 when i try to erase a DM sent to me
"the preview images viewer is still annoying
9.2.7
"Limited controls over the general aesthetic - can't select how I view 
 
9.2.7
"It's a complete waste of time. Continues to freeze and doesn't operate save 
9.2.7
"Works great when first installed on my Moto G5 plus
9.2.7
4Thanks!™ Dropping the Good News!
I can't see the links to Instagram when I click on them.
"Best twitter app out there! Tried several before but that is the best. 
9.2.7
"This has all the features I like and want. It's user friendly and I can 
9.2.7
Best way to do Twitter.
"Keeping old tweet s not possible. program keep only 200 tweets you have to 
9.2.7
Awesome
always works and has a nice clean interface
"Really beginning to look dated now
Works fine. Sometimes I wish it were more intuitive but it's manageable.
Easy way to access Twitter
Outstanding app . Only problem is that username of mention count as character of tweet
Best!
I want a refund. I can't use the app. Twitter blocks it's use. Help!
Uninstalled because of link integration failures from Twitter email notifications.
"Love using this app
"""Make It My Own"" or ”Add to existing list"" doesn't work for large lists. If there is a user you cant add in the middle of the list it stops everything
DM no longer works. Very annoying!
"Fantastic
Tried a few other apps over the last couple of hours. I have returned to TweetCaster as nothing else comes near
"Finally 280ch. But now ""more details"" is destroying my battery life. Why must I wait for RTs & Replies to load (often 1-2 min.) before I can get at the permalink? Put ""Copy Permalink"" in the top menu for 5 stars!"
"My only and default Twitter app.  Has been for years.  Packed full of features and worth every penny.  Not one gripe.  Find better
"I hate one thing the most: the ""shared using TweetCaster"" it adds to shared tweets; should be editable in the paid version. Switched to another app."
It works but has some issues needs an update could be layed out and explained a lot more not sure how effective it is at avoiding bot detection and no auto followback feature
Great app
Does everything that I want except for one thing. Needs notifications when someone favors or retweets one of your posts. Also doesn't support the auto play for videos. Sometimes can't tell if there is a video or not.Other that. This is the best Twitter app out.
"Outdated user interface 
البرنامج ممتاز
For using it to reply on the timeline it's great.   But look at a tweets replies or a user's tweets and there is a serious problem where it stops responding for minutes at a time while it builds the tweet list. Often long enough for the phone to ask if I want to report or stop the app! Reported it dozens of time and nothing's been done.
Does exactly what I want it to do
I'd like to see the feature to hide retweets made a feature that can be turned off permanently. I don't like having to turn off retweets every time I launch the app.
I've tried the other apps - some for years. TweetCaster is the best and most reliable.
Great
"Is it possible to put either a play button or a pic icon on the pictures? Many times I have clicked
Great app for tweeting on the go.
Best & comfy twitter apps for me..
It has been choppy when scrolling. Has been happening for over a year.
"Utter trash
Best Twitter client on the market.
Best Twitter app so far....
TweetCaster has been my default twitter app for years.  Recent update addressed the 280-character issue.
Great App!
"I understand 280 characters is in beta. Your betas last longer than Verizon's.  Updated 7Dec17
"Brilliant app. Upgraded from free version a couple of years back..  Improvements could include ability to retweet from multiple accounts
"It's a shame the developer has abandoned this app. It was so useful and had great functionality. But it's not been updated in over a year
got the much needed update for the 280 characters and now just gotta check if it works with notifications.. thanks for the update
Best app for Twitter.  But couple enhancements could be placed.  1. Choose account under which I'd like to retweet.  2. uploading images is awful. Uploaded pictures has a such poor quality.
Best Twitter app. Ever. (Thanks for updating!)
Simply the best Twitter app available on the market.
Please update and stop forcing push notifications for stuff i specifically set to not notify me on. 140 char limit still? OLD
I would gladly beta test the 280 character limit feature.  Responding to developers. Please sign me up for beta.
Has not updated for several months after 280 characters. Still forces you to mention who you're replying to.
Would like to become a beta tester
"In 2010
Like how you can view by most recent.
Are you going to update this soon or are you abandoning?
Is there any new version to allow 280 letters?
Waiting for the update so I can use 280 characters.
Any plans to increase the character limit to 240 anytime soon?
Are you ever going to update this app?
I would rate 5 if i can upload video without using Youtube
Excellent app
"No update? For a paid version
"Has not updated since 2016
A lot going on for Twitter geeks. I like it cause it's easy enough to get to grips with. Needs updating to use the new character limit though. I'd give it 5* if it had that feature.
"Look and feel still great
"Great
"They gave up. Last update was a year ago. Promises were made 6 months ago. Still
I've used this app for years and love it. When will it be updated to support 280 characters?
It looks like Tweetcaster has not been updated in some time and it doesn't support the new 280 character limit or the fact that referencing people shouldn't count towards the 140 character limit.
"STILL WAITING for the change introduced by Twitter to allow usernames
Disappointed that they have yet to come out with an update for the 280 character change and Twitter videos are no longer working. Will have to find another go-to app until this gets resolved.
Please update to the 280 character limit.
App has not been updated to fit Twitters increase to 280 characters.
Good customisable Twitter app that allows me to avoid the promoted tweets. There are some issues however. It doesn't seem to know at all if someone has favourited one of your tweets and doesn't support some of the newer features such as the higher character count or polls.
"The best Twitter app I have used. I have used the free version for over a year
the best one for tweeting.
Great job. Thanks
I've switched phones three times in five years and this is one of the apps I promptly install on the new one.
"The TL looks fabulous
Works well. Much improved!
Love it!
The only one Twitter app that i love most
Good app
I love tweetcaster but it slow and it freezes a lot. Please fix it. I'm using nexus 5x with android 8.0
"Awesome app
Much more organized and better than the default twitter app. Worth the five bucks for sure.
"Iove the free app
The best twitter app there is hands down. Keep up the good work. Just can't work out why it doesnt open tweets from the bottom as it is set to do. Also crashes when opening camera for a picture
Best twitter client!
Awesome
"DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS. It is getting no development
"I miss when this app was updated regularly and was useful. It gets updated once a year
Pls have an update soon twitter is now 280 characters and can dm people you are not following but yup like this app a lot and there is still room for improvement!
hasn't been updated in a long time.
"Its okay. I like it for browsing
Was (A full social media management app)... no updates for nearly a year now turned it useless.
"Readability is gone
Love it!
"Used to work great.  Now
It's the Openings Businesses Dream Stream App!!
Still loving it after years of usage (　^ω^)
This app should be the default app for Twitter and it shouldn't be one you have to pay for because it does nothing special
"What was once a great app is now slow
This app is terrible there is a big blue line blocking my timeline now I cant see my tweets anymore please fix this problem asap.
Love the tweet longer😘
Great
sad paid for App.. but no more update.. nothing changes.. Learn from Talon and Flamingo App plz
Is best twitter app out there love it on my g3
"No matter what I try
"Crashes way to much! Love all the other features just need to fix the crashes
"There's a current annoying bug where it endlessly pings you with the same notification.  I have all but ""mentions"" turned off.  If I get a single mention
Excelente aplicación!
While there was a lot to like about this Twitter app (the reasons why I bought it) the haven't been any updates for over eight months and so the new Twitter features since then aren't supported.
"It's okay. The thing I don't like is that it doesn't tell you if someone starts following you
Much better than the native Twitter app.
Twitter has become a joke..do.not wish to be associated with it anymore..Bubbye..
"I get 'refresh rate limit' messages all the time
It constantly flickers. So annoying. Will look for another app.
It's good. Needs a update so videos play automatically like on the original Twitter app. Don't like how ya have to click the vids to play them. But overall it's good.
"Getting worse and worse
Have used this for years.  Zip is still one of my favorite features.
"The former best Twitter app. Now it takes 5 minutes to just load the opening screen. Unusable and gone from my phone
Love the app. Wish poll questions would show up so I can vote.
Unable to authentic my accounts. Please fix!!!!!
"I purchased this a while ago
No complaints from i .
Excellent app. Best on android. Been using tweetcaster pro for a few years and cannot fault it.
I paid for the app so i wouldnt see ads.  Now i get ads in my feed. DO NOT BUY!
"Great
It's dead. No longer developed.
"Can't see or respond to surveys
Great Clem tweeting
A new addiction!
lotsa of great features but mind-bogglingly ugly. use the trial to see if it suits
Retweet option gone from my LG G4 and Nexus 9
not working good all my apps working just tweetcaster .. always time out
Great app
"Used it several devices
I used to love this app but now I can't figure out how to do most of the features in Twitter like liking a tweet instead of favoriting. I can't see when someone likes my responses or tweets and I can't retweet with a comment because the character count is over replies are clunky everything is garbage I'm getting a different app.
This app would be 5 star worthy if you could send media messages in DM. Why pay for an app to replace the one I have if it can't even do everything the original Twitter app can. Please add in this feature. I shouldn't have to switch back and forth from this app to Twitter. Need media sending features in DM.
"This is a good Twitter client (I have the Pro version) but it's not perfect. The formatting of content is excellent... very compact
"Great but one BIG issue
A great way to use Twitter.
Can't see pictures of tweets or avatars. Keeps saying failure to load data.
Love this app.!
"It's back! Things are suddenly much better. Thank you! I've been missing this app so much.  Nice upgrade but feed is sticking
Use everyday
What happened to DMs? I get an error code 403 that says the app can not access or delete my Direct Messages.
"I love this app and have used it for years on my phone and tablet. BUT there is still flickering when new tweets arrive on my Samsung S5mini and Nexus 7 which is very annoying.  19.5.17 This has been dragging on a long time now
I love the format
if it possible we can see the polls ?
Love it. Used for years now.
"Works pretty well.. Widget is a bit shaky
So many useful features that Twitter hasn't even figured out to give us on their own official app! Worth every penny!
"Still the best twitter client I've used that I find any other difficult and too messy to use 
hoping to enjoy this
Full twitter features + searches & trends. Nice! @jtatex in San Diego!
"I PAID for this app because I loved it. It had different customizable​ options and you could choose the colors of the timeline
"Fabulous! Rapid
Does the job well.
"was five stars until my Samsung S8 came along
Best one
"So I've been using Tweetcaster for a while. Through the good & the bad. It has its good. Pros: very customizable. Love the color themes. I love the picture avatar preview in the tweets. Cons: will rate higher if this is ever fixed
Excellent twitter client. I will never go back.
"Hi there
"Once I load more tweets
"Hey
"Finally supports quote tweets. But doesn't show them in the Replies tab. So easy to miss if someone quotes you. Also needs to show follows
Always liked the app
"Need some updates
Needs update. Polls have been there for more than a year and still not supported.
Still my preferable Twitter app. I like the features. Still wish I could see who has liked my tweets in it. They do a pretty good job updating it so that it handles different media
Love it
"great app
"Allows configuration of multiple accounts
If it had the ability to arrange lists it would be a 5 star app.
I use Twitter for news. Best Twitter app I use.
Many annoying bugs with notification system.
I love it. Just wish I could edit my spelling mistakes
Snappy and cool. Really enjoying it on my BlackBerry Dtek50
"Every touch of a tweet should be as if you hit ""conversation"". Too cumbersome to see what any tweet is in regard to currently. As is
"Included functionality not available in any other Twitter app I've found. Unfortunately
28/6/2013- yeay!!! thanks! My favourite twitter app!!!   This was my favourite twitter app. I loved it so much i bought the app. The interactions button is what made me love it. AND I BOUGHT IT TWICE. as my phone was reformated.  I like to see who retweets me who follows me and stuff. Interactions button is good. WHY DID U HAVE TO REMOVE IT? SIGH. BRING IT BACK AND I'LL GIVE A BETTER RATING. Was probably the best twitter app before you removed the interactions button. BRING IT BACK PLEASE.  I havent been able to post pics on tweetcaster. Its so frustrating. Giving it 3 stars now. It was once a worthy 5 stars. 👎👎👎 please fix that
Easy app to use with no ads.
"It's simple
Why is there not an option to 'Mute' a user??? All else is good! 😁 Update 2.17.17- can you bring the phone font option back. I love when apps use my phone font. Thanks in advance! ✊
"It's been perfect
"unfortunately the app has stopped working MSG comes up a lot still. I've cleared cache
The extras and the no ads is definitely worth the lil money I paid. Should make it compatible with facebook though.
"Good
"Completely unusable
Great app much better than the official app
No ads! Awesomeness!
Tweetdeck cumple con lo que necesito para gestionar mis cuentas de Twitter
This has made using Twitter tolerable.
Please make it gif-friendly!
Great app. Wish FB links would open in Android app rather than browser.
This is the stupidest app ever. Don't get this app. Just have the twitter app. It works just fine. Nothing this app does helps at all. It's annoying
Good app faster and less app crush than official tweeter.
Best Twitter client out there.  Great price for the pro version too.
Excellent App
"Improved quite a bit
Works well.
Good all round Twitter client
Use to love this app but now everything I retweet doesn't get sent and comes up with a 404 error code.
Best twitter app I've used!
Simple and suits my needs. I love the fact that I can post long tweets very easily. .
Keeps freezing!
"Don't buy it
Favorite Android Twitter app by far.
App does not work properly on swiping multiple twitpics
"I bought this for the dark theme. But when I reply to a tweet
"Bought it a long time ago
Pictures don't load anymore
"I'm not a twitter fan in the first place
I have always preferred this app over the Twitter app.
"I like the ability to create how my stream
The main reason for buying this app was it's ability to post to Facebook which now is broken.
"Alerts still broken and unable to go to look at profiles without black screen of death. Sometimes hitting back will load the profile
Its annoying to read my timeline and it flickers every ten seconds.
"I'm not give 5 stars
BEST TWITTER APP ON THE MARKET!
"I can't use a whole pic in my header! It keeps cutting off the pic at the neck..it also won't allow me to change my avatar..& bring back the @feature where it would pull anybody's name up
"Want to love this app but cannot save searches for some reason
Why am I getting redirected to a Readability app that is defunked
Doesn't autocomplete user handles or hashtags. Doesn't show hashtag counts. For a paid app is pretty bad
"A nice app
Very good. Is there a way to copy the link to a tweet?
"it was Best 
"Why am I not able to see the number of remaining characters when tweeting in DM? And why isn't my profile synced across all platforms: phone & tablet? I'm signed in on both via Google
"I've noticed that in the timeline sometimes when i open the app i have like 500-600 new tweets
I guess with the latest update things have messed up with the app.  It immediately gives me an error upon trying to open it.  The option to retry comes up which also does nothing.  LG V20
"when I go to send a tweet the User name doesn't auto populate. I have to go back and remember it.  I'm deleting until fixed
Always erorr cod404  .. If i wanna coppy smothing .. Sometimes not able to copy ! …  try to add new option such as download vedio and GPF  ..
Good build. Most of the issues from the last build appear fixed.
Thank you for updating the best twitter client 😍😎
"This used to be a great app. In some ways
Been using this and prefer this to twitter 😊
"Every once in a while I'll find something that bugs the h*ll out of me
Not the prettiest kid on the block but efficient and versatile in its layout and possibilities. Foregoing comment is a year old and I stopped using it till lately. It's lack of updating was being felt (wondered whether this paid version had been abandoned). However with the latest update all appears well again.
"Since the latest update
"Much more functional and useful than the official Twitter app
Does exactly what I need with more than 140 characters option for Twitter
"Keep on saiding error  please fix it. Its still doing
Still the best Twitter app for Samsung Android phone!
Tweeting slows down drastically when there's a major event. During presidential debates it was insufferable.
"Now tweets are slow to load
The best
This is not crowned king for that reason. Speed will drive customers crazy in frustration. The twitter stock app is even worse.  Before you buy read our full unbiased review at samfiel.co.uk on TweetCastor Pro
Love it
"Since last update
How do I see my followers / following? The instructions on the faq don't work. If i can't manage these easily it's useless.
Does all I need on twitter
"It'd have ""light bubbles "" with other colors besides blue
You can customize it  the UI looks fresh and new. Great for the eyes.
"Playing tweet video become a dream in this app
Excellent Twitter app
"Can't view people's tweets
Love this app but just recently every time i try to save a link to pocket to read later the tweetcaster app closes down
Been using this app for a while..
"Now feels dated. No option to auto play gifs and an interface that used to be practical back when Twitter was more limited
Great stuff
There is no refresh button on widget anymore What happened?
Let's see if things are better with this app
Love it
"There's an error
"I am saving a lot of pic from twitter. And tweetcaster is the best at this job. And of course
"I absolutely love this app. I've been using it for years now
"Always my timeline is cleaned when I sleep my screen. I like read old Twitters
"I've been using this app since its early days and love it. But with the latest version
"This was one of my earlier purchases
"Former falcon pro user
Why can't clicking a URL take you straight to a website? Why do we need readability? Answer these questions and earn 2 stars
"So much wrong after latest update. When are the fixes coming? I honestly don't like any other twitter platforms on my phone.. please let us know some expected dates for fixes from the last update. Ect.
Been using it a long time.... Works like a charm.... Easy to use..... Easy to see.... Just great. Always go back to TweetCaster!
"For some reason the tweet view widget is no longer showing the home
"Loved this app before. But the most recent update now makes it so that if I want to click on my profile (I have a locked account) to view my past tweets
The app after the new update is not performing well on Not 4
"Works well on my droid. Like the extra features. EDIT: one star after app crashes on purpose when trying to follow the President elect.  Poor taste
"Suddenly it starting flickering
Annoying notifications
Great app for personalized  news. The search function needs improvement.  The opinion and hate-filled tweets need to be filtered out somehow.
"Been using this for years
"I've used tweetcaster for years and loved it. This latest update however is completely broken. Can't view anything from protected accounts even when following them. I tried reinstalling the app to see if that helps and now I can't even sign back into my twitter accounts. It's constantly stuck on ""contacting twitter"". So no I have a completely unusable app that I paid good money for!"
Tweetcaster works for me from a design viewpoint.
"I have two major problems. One is that I am constantly getting notifications from old tweets.  Like every few hours from a tweet from a week ago
Crashes everytime I select URL and choose instapaper read later service. Is ok if that is chosen as default in tweetcaster settings. Please fix
Best Twitter app ever.
"I wouldn't use Twitter if it weren't for Tweet Caster. The TL is very clean and easy to scroll to the spot that you want to begin and the newest update allows a ""quote tweet"" function
Been great until last update and now can't see tweets from users who are protected even when we follow each other.  That's a serious problem that needs a quick fix as app unusable now
Best app for twitter
Been using Tweetcaster for over 3 years now and love it. Needs a fix however. It doesn't let me view the tweets or favorites of private users even though I'm following them. Also would like to see a polls feature. And please bring back who favorites your tweets in interactions. Still the best Twitter App out there and it's not close
Screen flickering since latest update !
Sucks my battery dry!
This is the best Twitter app that I've tried. Lots of customization.
"I'm using this for almost as long as I'm on Twitter since 2012. Compared with the 'official' Twitter app this gives you a clean Twitter feed without ads (at least in the Pro version) or annoying 'suggestions'. It (finally) now also supports quoted Retweets. Minor bugs: Occasional screen flicker and an error message 'Failed to load data' on pictures
Screen continues to flick. Annoying!
CAN U PLEASE FIX THE FLICKERING THAT HAPPENS WHEN NEW TWEETS COME IN?? IT IS VERY ANNOYING AND I CANT TAKE IT ANYMORE!!!!! CAN YOU PLEASE RESPOND TO MY QUESTION?? PLEASE HELP!!
"Twitter changes hurt tweetcaster for a while.  Recent updates have returned it to being my favorite Twitter app: easy to use
Simple and Awesome app for Twitter. Been using it for last 4 yrs. Only thing missing is group chat and polls. Hope you will add it soon.
The best just got better - now with long tweet support. Whoopee!
Makes you think youre stuck in 2006
Everytime I have to download the tweets (gap)
"Finally got quote tweet
"You make this application worse with your ""improvements"" to the UI.  Then completely ignore feedback.  This app was great
"So glad this has finally been updated
"Support tailed off and broke
"Love this app and have used for a long time for twitter feed. However
You guys finally did an update but unfortunately it has ruined the app. The app just jumps all over the screen. It flickers like a faulty light bulb before it blows.
Flickers every time i receive a new tweet.....?
Handles large number of follows well but doesn't do well with threaded tweets.
Recently came back to twitter and always used this app. It just does what I want it to. Superb work.
Yay
Why are users who are zipped not appearing on mentions? Bring back that feature again since I still talk to them
New update is causing glitches with every new tweet. Not smooth refresh. Plz correct to bring back up to 5☆
As of late with the new update the screen flickers every single time a new tweet comes through. Very annoying!
I would like to say how very satisfied I am with your program thanks what an  awesome job you did created it
The best app for tweeter
Tweetcaster pro
A long overdue update! Hooray!
I can't believe that i can't upload videos on Twitter unless i have YouTube account. Destroying your great app by something so silly. I have to use other apps to upload videos. Stupid
Very happy that this client is useable again. The one improvement I would like would be to be able to follow a link in one tap rather than two.
"Everything pretty much working again
"A huge huge thank you to the developers of this fantastic app
"Do not download this rapidly failing app. I was about to say ""Will you hurry up with the latest update
Sin duda el mejor
"This app is abandoned by the developer. The app crashes every now and then
Tried so many different twitter apps but keep coming back to this one. Still the best.
Was well worth the money. Like the options and look.
Great app
Great app but it needs a whole new make over. Wish it was more like the twitter app expect with the ads
"Easy to use
"This used to be the best twitter app
Videoes doesn't always play. I have to rely on other apps or browsers to play the videos
"This was always my favorite app
My tablet finally upgraded to Lolipop and now my Tweetcaster Pro widget has disappeared and I cant find it anywhere. How do I get it back?
Doesn't seem to have implemented the recent twitter changes meaning many of the tweets on my time line are truncated with a URL meaning I end up reading them in a browser. Seriously needs sorting out.
"I cant remember the last time this app was updated
This seems to be taking a long time to address.
Some nice features and pretty smooth. For $5 though you should be able to see who favorites your tweet.
"Interface that requires more taps to perform simple actions than the official app
"The Best Way To Tweet
"Used to be happy with it
"For a long time I would have the official Twitter app as well as at least one 3rd party Twitter client (like this one) installed on my phone. Recently
"Multi account
Great stuff
"It sticks
"Sad because I love the look of this app. But it needs to update so that I can quote & reply. Without that
I like it.
Was a great enthusiast till latest developments on Tweet length which make many Tweets unreadable on this app. Needs to be fixed fast
timeline like the Twitter app. On Samsung Galaxy S5.
"On my BlackBerry Passport SE 
"12+ months. Would like people blocked or
It's loading too slow!
Most versatile and intuitive. Keep it up.
"It has more features and looks better than the stock Twitter app
What the hell last update was in 2015 !!! Come on
"Where's the new update? Can't read tweet because now they are ignoring  picture
It's good
The best twitter app imo.
This used to be the best twitter app even so I bought the paid version just to be let down. It takes over 3 minutes to get a tweet or dm. I want my money back.. the few perks are being able to post on facebook and twitlonger other than that get the free version
"Was the best twitter app out there
Changing apps until the truncated tweet issue is resolved.
Works great
أفضل برنامج تويتر
"This used to be a good Third party Twitter app
"Sorry
Better twitter app
"Best twitter ap I have tried
This app hasn't been updated in over a year. It's missing key changes to Twitter and causes things to not work properly.
Selected text and cursor do not appear in Midnight display. Can y'all please review this matter?
"I hope the Dev team is working on making the new Twitter changes of ignoring the attachment
"Tweetcaster gives me a lot of nice features that the regular Twitter app doesn't have. However
I love Tweetcaster.
"Wish the UI would be updated to Material Design
The most convenient twitter app!
Now looking dated/tired
Just hope they update soon considering twitter has changed tweet length etc.
I enjoy using this
"Upgraded to pay version
please tell me how I remove ads on my paid Pro app! thx
So is it time to say goodbye tweetcaster or you will updrae it soon? We want to know!
Har mer eller mindre gett upp twitter på datorn eftersom jag gillar app varianten bättre.
Recommend. Works great.
"Unable to tweet twice in a row without hanging up and rebooting.  Three messages to service
"Really helps to maintain a social media presence
It is a perfect twitter app
"Half my screen is taken up with  bottom bar and crazy huge top bar
"Needs quote feature
روووووووووووعة
Good Twitter handler
My favorite 3rd party Twitter app! ❤️🐦
"I bought this because it was the best Twitter app and I loved the features.  Now that they have my money
nice app
Excellent
Best Twitter app
Nice
Awesome
Search function is broken. Still no polls. Very slow to load. Splash screen is annoying. No update in almost a year. I can only assume they're making so much money from ads and in app purchases that pro users are ignored.
Waste of money! Want my money back!
1. twit longer is gone 2. location gps button in corner of tweet box no longer works
"Still like the app
Brilliant app. Excellent zip it feature that works really well
"App hangs
"It's ok
"Don't waste your money. Sure this is a fantastic app and I've always used it and sung it's praises
Been using it for years. Nothing compares
The ui is superb. Easy to use even for 5 years old kids.
https://play-lh.googleusercontent.com/a-/AOh14GhecZPlWbeviBWcIW4VpPUInKLmtOOFgdBzmw8LT9w
Much improved since last update but lacking the 'quote tweet' option which funnily us available on the free version. Otherwise would be a 5 star rating 👀
Still using this app simple and elegant.
This is the best Twitter app I've come across.
"I love this app & use it over twitter
Its amazingly beautiful and easy to use!
I've paid for the pro (never even used the free version) and can't use it. Screen becomes unresponsive and turns black! Please help!
It's good but has a few bug's from time to time.
Can't currently recommend as it hasn't been updated for around a year (and maybe never will be again). Some key Twitter features are therefore missing. It used to be good but I'll now be switching to an alternative.
"I'm not sure why
"Have been using this app for a few years
"Seriously? I thought the paid version was supposed to be an upgrade. Why is this feature
Otherwise it's great. Everything you could need. Biggest convenience: being able to selectively cross-post to Facebook on a per tweet basis.
No ads
"When a better one comes along
Would be 5 stars If you added more themes PLEASE!!!
"Two phones later
So much better than the stock app for Twitter. Plus a good widget.
"I love the dark theme
Lately i have been having lots of problems showing images and videos.  I log into Twitter using a web browser and the images and videos show up quickly.  It's time for an update.
Can't view polls.  It doesn't even indicate when there is a poll which can be confusing.
This app has an outdated look and is in need of a definite overhaul
Blocking function no longer works. Been broken for a while now! The freeze ups while scrolling are finally unbearable. uninstalled!
Best app ever
"I miss using an external Web browser
I have about every Twitter app available. I still think TweetCaster is better than Plume and Uber but it loses style points against the original Twitter app. You can't vote in polls or create one. It's still good managing multiple accounts but it does leave a lot to be desired. This was the first Twitter app buy used and I've kept it because it allows me two post from my business account and Facebook simultaneously. But over the last seven years it is no longer my favorite. And your boy bought the premium 1
worth the $...  i can sign into both of my accounts and tweet.
Please enhance app to support Twitter polls
When this application first came out it was top of the line now it has fallen way behind times they need to release updates that release new features
Better than original twitter for me
Great app!!!
"Why is the quote feature available on the FREE version and not the PAID for ""PRO"" version?!   This is asinine. Will change rating once fixed."
Tweetcaster Pro is the way to go!
Have to force close the app to get it to update.
It works for me...
"This app need to fix the Arabic alignment
Abandoned
Best client for Android. New 'phone install and Tweetmarker now operates perfectly.
"No updates the app has been abandoned
"Will not load on my wife's phone.  Says ""Tweetcaster has shout down"" even after reinstall"
v goooooood
"Great Features
It keeps freezing and i bought the upgrade one
Awesome
there is no update for the paid version.
The app was good but does not keep up with new Twitter features such as liking tweets and twitter polls. Starting looking for a new app which does these.
"Why on the App I PAID for isn't there an option to ""quote"" a tweet like there is on the free app? I use that feature A Lot
DM sometimes will not delete right a way. Have to uninstall then reinstall to delete
Won't let me post any attachments. What a joke? Can't believe I paid for this.
Glitches here &  there. Wish they would put quoting in the app
Love this Twitter client. I upgraded for the falcon pro that is not supported anymore but still usable. This is better than stock. Five stars
I'm happy with it
Could never update my own profile and since ive become more active its a major problem
"Works much faster and smoother than the free version. Some minor notification issues
Always updating to stay at the top - I love Tweetcaster!
Needs material design and better quoted tweet support. No update since Sept. 2015. Wake up!
"I'm using it few years already and as I'm really satisfied
Needs to be updated asap
Best Twitter app out.
"After a long time using it as a free version
ain't it time to update this app?
"But now I post one tweet and it hits the limits twice in a row (Two dialogs
Almost 5 stars.  Needs better dark theme.  Totally black... Not charcoal black.
I'm giving 5 stars when enable mute button and group DMs.
Where is the Quote option??
"App use to be perfect.. So many issues with it now
Nice to see all the bugs have been ironed out. Couldn't live without it.
Great app
Long time I have used this program its the best. But we need Update so we can vote… like the original twitter
Can't attach or load  pictures with some services.
This hasn't been updated in almost a year. This app has no support for quoting tweets or polls or any of the recent twitter features. GUI is old and outdated. It is not enough anymore. Are you guys planning an update or have you given up?
Integration with Twitlonger is missing from my app.
Just what the doctor ordered. Fast and smart.
This used to be the best twitter app around but now it's fallen so far behind everything else. Now basic things like commenting on quotes/retweets aren't possible and it's probably not even worth it to mention everything else. This only thing this app has over others is the zip it feature.
"If I tweet with exactly 0 characters remaining
"To see if errors [FC's] stop.  Have used Tweet caster for many
If any day in any update they will fix the detect gap after timeline refreshes it will be the perfect twitter app
"Love it
Good app but can't play twitter videos
Still can't quote tweet? How ridiculous is that? Please improve the app before we paid users move on.
Love it
Great App
Fine program...
Nice and easy to use .
Very Distracting
Can no longer save pictures
Quickly swap accounts. Posting is very smooth and easy.
"I bought this version
"I have had the app for a couple years
It doesnt open on Nexus 5x
Seems like this doesn't get updated any more sadly
Good one
Thankz
"After I decided to support this app it has stopped updating since forever
"Most user friendly Twitter client I've used
"I can no longer send tweets with pix attached. Any time I try I get a ""failed to send"" message. I went into my app  permissions and made sure everything was enabled
Good app. Been using it for yrs.  Needs some attention. Maybe an UPDATE!!!
I use it daily.
"Have been a long time user
♥ everything about this app other than that I can't quote a tweet. Otherwise I'd give 5 🌟
Awesome
"The block feature seems not to be working at all.  Annoying but still I'd rather it worked.  Also I noticed the quote feature is not here on the pro version? Other than those two things
"Hasn't been updated since last September. Very glitchy on Marshmallow. Almost everything you do causes your timeline to reload
Wonderful!
Perfect
I have been using this for 5 years. Loved it so much I got the pro version. The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because I have to periodically (about twice a year) do a complete uninstall  due to extreme delays for certain functions.
This app saved me from the standard twitter app
Does everything I need it to do.
"I've been using this for years and have had no issues with it at all.   Interface is good
I cant see ppl that quote my tweet in my mentab. Thats annoying. How to refund this?
"Hate the icon/logo
Very happy with this app does everything I need it to do.
The ad removal isn't worth it when you take features away. Add quoting to the paid. Doesn't make sense that it isn't available.
"I know that some will prattle on about ""Not enough features"" or ""Rudimentary design"" or some such other nonsense. But know this:  I am an avid tester and assessor of all things. And of this you can be certain. Tweetcaster Pro is the best Twitter app out there right now. It combines all the features I (as a 30something Tweeter) need. Whether
"There are certain features and conveniences missing. For example
Routinely crashes and 10 second freeze after closing a picture or link.
Nice :)
Best out there
Tweet caster is letting me catch up with all the tweets and it's getting me back again to twitter
Much better than generic app.
Better
I think that's the best twitter app ever
Works fine!
Update: I still see Tweetcaster has not fixed the notifications.Needs to add the quote a tweet function from twitter. Does not update the list correctly. Great start though. Also push notifications are not real time. They are delayed quite substantially.
The widget doesn't work when I move to the SD Card. Follow me at HighlyFa4d.
Handle. Easy to use. Love it!!
Been using for years. But why I'd the free version a better version than this paid one? Why can't I quote on the Pro version!?!
Horrible waste of money. Crashes far more than every program/application combined I have ever used in my entire life. Slow/Crashing/Freezing
Better than the official twitter app!
this app is becoming slower and slower.  also it won't play snappy TV so I have to open regular Twitter app if I want to look at videos.  looking for a new Twitter app
Pretty app.
Constantly freezes on my Note5 or LGv10. Can't handle large followings. Even with one account on it with a moderate following keeps freezing. Definitely NOT worth any money.
"Does well
"The search and list functions are far superior to the official Twitter app. The dark background option is also a welcome alternative to the Twitter app's  white-only option. The timeline does feel a bit cluttered
Allows enough info to come across but not over loading you.
Awesome App
"A few minor issues
I love this app for twitter. Much better then the twitter app
"Giving you all the tools to tweet on the go
The perfect Twitter app!
"Had to replace it
"I get a lot of incoming tweet mentions and such. The big problem is if someone deletes a mention then mentions again
Love the fact that it actually flags me when I or my friends post a tweet. I would give it a full 5 stars if it didn't load with that logo.
Best twitter client I've seen.
"Good feel and features
The best
Used daily
"I encounter errors when trying to upload pics attached to tweets. I close out of the app
Easy fo organize multiple account
It just works!
"I've been searching for a fantastic Twitter app on Android for a very long time
No need to look further.
I started using Tweetcaster back when I was still using a Droid X. Still love it now that I am on my Moto X Pure.
now is back to normal . Thx alot !
Best of the best
"Not working now
"Nice app
"I can't signing in because ""Can't connecting to Twitter"" problem but other twitter app I use works perfectly. Is this I get for buying pro app?"
TEDJA MUSIK
"Nicely laid out and lots of options to process tweets. STILL needs ability to quote tweets now that twitter has added this useful feature
Always freezing  Doesn't work with wifi
Rare and almost useless updates. I got back to Twitter app and it is much better. Tweetcaster now looks like an old man among other twitter apps.
It made it easier for me to use Twitter and helped me organize my newsfeed. I hope that it has a way of linking to Instagram in the future though.
Muy buena excelente Actualización! :D lo compre sólo para sacar la publicidad x.x
Not even pretending to be a modern Twitter app any more. I have moved on to Talon.
Love it!!
Like the black background format
Great twitter client that pretty much does everything you need with handy included plug-ins.
Wish you could just have it pinned to the top all the time for real time tweets. Similar to how it's done on the tablet version
"Pretty good BUT if I add #at the beginning of a tweet
Sardine
Loads your whole timeline. If you read it... I do. Official app loads an hour at peak times. Best app IMO.
This app is awesome.
"Or give me a refund. For 2 years now the splash screen occasionally just locks up and doesn't allow the app itself to be shown
"Why is the ability to quote a tweet on the free version but not the paid? We can view quoted tweets now
I've tried a few Twitter clients.  I recently came back to Tweetcaster.  It seems to suit me best.
Now won't allow refresh from bottom on tablet.
"This is the best Twitter app that I've found thus far.  I like that you can customize themes
Fav twitter app
Nice app!
Easy to use!
Good app
"Any 3rd party social media app should be at least as good as the default client. This one does a terrible job with conversations (one of the most important parts of Twitter IMO) and hides the obvious actions (retweeting
"Love it. Works the way twitter should
Best app I've run into for tweets
~Excellent!
"Hello
"This needs to change. I loved the app before but I see more and more posts that include polls
متوافق مع الناطق
Best Twitter app.
Very good...
"I don't buy a lot of apps
lots of features choices make this apps simply stands out from the other. very easy to manage many accounts. super light to use. worth every penny spent. definitely this app is a solid 5/7
"Only gave 3 stars because there is no quote tweets feature
And very customizable. Tried some others and keep coming back to this one.
Keeps crashing
I love this app but it gets a 2 until they make an update that allows me to view polls
The best twitter app out there except that is slower
"The best twitter app because it provides RT with comments
Most previous issues have been resolved.
"Intrusive permissions
I logged in to be greeted with a window stating that it would still use data in the background even when closed. Uninstalled it right away.
"Sign in does not work. It's probably something Twitter has done
"Will vote it ahead of Fenix and Talon. But
Don't know why but not been able view all my lists app seems to stall or just not refresh for a while now. Moved to Talon much better.
It is the best Twitter app around #GrapeApe Still love you 😘
Suits my needs perfectly
Dont spend your money here
Awesome
Paid for the app. Unable to view replies and view photos. Reached out to company via Twitter and email. No response. This is the second and last time I will pay for an app. Complete BS and not even worth it. You can't even post a long tweet. You can now do this on Twitter.
Works beautifully.
Its really much better than the basic twitter app
I can't disable Readability! Very annoying!
"Nearly perfect. There are all features Ubersocial for Android
Very easy to use. Lots more you can do. I'd love to have a photo capability in the DM section though.
"great app
Why is this version updated so slowly compared to free version. Upgrading to this actually made me lose some functionality.
I love it! Pro is the way to go!
"The best twitter app I've ever used. Complete features and easy to use. But
GG
I'll give 5 star if tweetcaster can read/open/see pict on direct message!
Needs work but it's ok
Best Twitter app
Good apps until now
"Notifications have finally been fixed
"Just perfect! Way better than the official Twitter app. Love that they added a bigger list of trending topics
"Force restarting my Note 2. Can't auto reconnect after ""flight mode"". Can't open YouTube links with YouTube app or browser so I can't favorite
O melhor!
All you need to communicate through twitter.
"So far so good
Notifications dont work and tweetcaster refuses to help or refund.
I love this app better than Twitter app
The most user friendly
"How do you quote tweet???? Not quote as in the old RT quote thing
Way quicker now after the resent update!
"Works great
Wonderful app
I missed it so much when I had a Windows phone
Great app
Works like a charm.
This is hands down the best app for Twitter.
Love this app features ect but needs a gui update. Look at talon needs material design look and feel. Other than that amazing
Runs like a tweeta...takes a tweeting n keeps on tweecking...
Love it
Used this app for a while and now it won't update or install. I want my money back
"UPDATE: tried the official twitter app for 4 months. really wanted to like it but it simply can't compete with tweetcaster pro. no question. among other features
Best twitter ap
This is far and away the best twitter app I have tried. You can really personalise it and it's easier to use. Plus at the moment it still has the old star/favourite rather than the heart/like Facebook nonsense! Excellent.
Es excellent quality :)
"Excellent app. Multi functions makes tweeting quick
"I am pleased to rate this app. After trying many others
"One of the best! I love the fact there is no limit on direct messages now! Been using it since 2013 and it keeps getting better
The only Twitter app I'll use
Best app for me so far
"Love everything about the app.  Wish it would do 2 more things.  1) The ability to pick which account to favorite or retweet from.  2) Incorporate Twitter's new embedded quoted tweet retweet.  Otherwise
"Updates to functionality are super slow to occur. Otherwise really great app.  UPDATE: Switched to Fenix
"Now my default and only Twitter app. Awesome and very well done
Had Twitter for years. This is my favorite app. Worth paying for if you use it a lot.
I loved this app until recently but I am getting a lot of failed postings especially those with links and images. Once a post has failed it saves to draft. Every attempted repost fails.
Used the free version for years and decided to support the devs for their great work.
everything seems to be running smooth for me!
"This has been my favorite client for years
Best twitter client ever
Nice no nonsense add-on full of features. Runs great on sony xperia z1s
Worth it to buy it
Works as expected.
Need Notifications for the new quoted tweet style
Great tool
Refresh or reply to any DM please fix
"It has a nice look and solid set of features. DMs are not synced. If I delete a DM on the web
"Keep getting a ""too many redirects"" error when I try to login. What use is an app that you can't use? Especially one you paid for!"
"What a joke.   I was never even able to sync tweetcaster to my twitter account.   Never got a notification from twitter and when i choose to recieve a message with a code
"Tried others
"Good application. Great if your a gab
"Love this app makes using twitter much more easy and fun
Im not getting the color themes please HELP!!!
I have been a regular user of Twitcaster and have been having real problems with it. The timeline does not load at all sometimes after following an external link and has been slow to go through the Tweets when it does load.
"Just wish it had the old method for quoting tweets. I guess official Twitter app has changed too
"Type in 140 characters
"Very slow and sluggish moving between screens and on page refreshes
Why no back button on full screen image?!?!
Best twitter app ever. Only thing that needs work is the splash screen on launch. Would love to see this updated with some material design.
Great Twitter Client for android
"There are more options here than Twitter sending longer messages
Really nice.
Where is the option to post tweets to Facebook
I am now receiving duplicates of most tweets.  Just recently started and i did not change any settings.  Please fix thanks!!
Love this app. Top notch!
Love it for my s6 egde plus
The best app for twitter nice
I freezes when I open it. It looks great but I can't get past the freeze.
"Handy little app
manteblah
Tweetcaster pro
"Great feature set! Handles multiple accounts
I love this app too much
"Great app.. But not being able to use the back button on full screen images is annoying
Great Twitter app. Tried many of them and this one seems the best. Thanks for a great app.
Thank you for taking away the twit longer feature on tweets with urls/pics. I detested that. Changed my 1 star to 5.
Works great.
"Nice app
"Fast and complete
"Recently bought a Nexus 6 totally stock OS and now
"I used to be able to retweet with comment private accounts but now it won't let me. Main reason why i i left tweetcaster pro since this was on of the main reasons why I loved tweetcaster
"Wow...Fast responds for about notification error... Good Job
"I waited THREE MONTHS and two weeks for OneLouder to fix widget functionality for the Samsung Galaxy S4
"What a way to use tweeter. Amazing app and for me
ALL posts regardless of length are being truncated and sent to TweetLonger. This makes this app completely unusable now. I'm a longtime user but uninstalling now and looking for something that actually works.
Keep getting background notifications even after I turned off that option. I've been a user of the app for years but I just got so annoyed now that I've uninstalled the app.
I cannot send a tweet out for one of my accounts. It goes into the drafts...with no explanation given. If a real person is reading this please help. I've sent feedback and have not heard anything.
Not good since last update.  Tweets are within limit but won't on't send whole tweet.  Just wants to go to take you to tweet longer so they can put their adds in my tweets.  UNINSTALLED.
"It's a good app
"I can't get the new update to download. I keep getting the 489 error message. I'm afraid to uninstall it because if I try to reinstall it
"When I post links to articles within 140 characters
I just downloaded it after a factory reset and it won't stop alerting me to new tweets. Constantly buzzing. I turned off all notifications and restarted and it's still out of control. What is happening here?
Constantly crashes go & look at profiles & crashes scroll to quick &  crashes had to change & hate it
"I've used this app for years
This latest update is flawed.. Retweets with comments so not show previous pix and count is wrong.. Please go back to olderversion
Fan bloody tastic
Not as much functionality as others
Glad we finally got quoted tweets. But why oh why have you messed up with twitlonger I hate twitlonger and don't want it on my tweets as all my tweets are within 140 characters! Please turn off urgently
Waited all this time for a meaningful update only to get this obligatory tripe.  Tired of being ignored.  I've switched to Tweetings.  It's what Tweetcaster should have become.  Highly recommend it.  Won't be looking back here again.
"You fixed the reply function
Very annoying that you get notifications for everything.
Now i love it...after today update
Nice
"So far
Absolute crap
Works like a charm
"I paid for the pro version
Welp. This app is officially done. So slow. Back to Plume.
Nice!!!
This use to work on a Nexus 7 but since the update it fails to get by the splash screen.
I Stopped using it!
"Scrolling the timeline isn't always smooth
Really love the post a tweet later function
The best twitter app for Android.
I don't anything else for Twitter posting
"Very disappointed
Worth to buy
Good app with relevant controls. Do recommend it.
better than the official app
Everything one louder does is outstanding
Recommended.
Newest update needs some repairs. Before this it was better than the official twitter app.
"Except for one major problem I'm having with the ""Zip It"" feature I loved this app!  I recently  attempted to ask for help by emailing both their Google provided support email and the email provided by them on their (www) FAQ page.  Instead of help I got a canned response: ""Hello
"Can see part of the pics in timeline but clicking on them gives a blank screen
This is the 2nd phone that I've used this app on; No problems with either.
Keren banget dah
Great Apps.. Love it!
Find another app that allows you to refresh even after you BUY it.
I love this app! Have used it for about a year and have tried other twitter apps...this is definitely the best.
Users tweets doesn't work?
Great App
"I'm in love with this app! I began having a few problems with reloading
I'm very comfort use this aplication
You charged me twice.
Love this app the best one on the app store
I have foreign people on my list and they speak a different language. I won't be able to understand unless I translate it somehow. There should be support for that. Other than that the features are pretty good.
Need to make it easier to search for like minded twitters.
"After trying several other twitter apps
"would be 5 starts but Doesn't give ""@"" suggestions when typing a tweet. I don't have all ""@"" names memorized. Suggestions of popular ""@"" with what I've started to type would make this perfect"
I have a thing for bouncing between different Twitter apps but found this one to be the most full featured of any I've tried. The free version is every bit as good but I wanted to support this app so I spent a small amount on it. Definitely worth checking out.
Good
"The best apps there is out there
"Two stars for being an insatiable nagging baffoon
"Why
I live the simplicity of the app.
"If it could sync with instagram
New phone. ..will be watching memory closely. Increased from 1 star for now.
Handy for lists
Love it
Fix the picture posting error or I'm demanding my money back.  When I pay for something I expect it to work!
Guys...Goddammit. Come on. I paid for this and it's still crashing out? Come on please. AND I'M GETTING NO MENTIONS
My favorite
Works good now. Slow problem gone away
Thanks for helping stop the Retreat Time Bandit!  I simply don't have the time to wade through them!
"Can't move to another app
Unstable and unusable! Waste of money and time! Uninstalling and going to Falcon.
"Phantom tweets that repeat for hours
Pretty good!
It'll be better if I'm able to see who fav my tweet!
Tweetcaster for android is superb.
The loading of images on this application causes that it randomly scrolls up or down so that you loose the last post that you were reading. Needs some serious fixing.
Horrible customer service I bought this app due to its functionality but the last update would constantly crash.  No response back so I uninstalled. Horrible customer experience. Paying clients should at least get help we at least deserve that.
Love it...
I find it can be heavy on the battery but it's still the best. I try other Twitter clients and always come back to TC.
Great app
Great App. Excellent functionality
"Since last update
"As good as it gets. Very stable
"I have three separate twitter accounts
The interface is fugly but it works well.  Most of the time.  Great features you won't find anywhere else.
"Well designed
Title says it all
Simply what i need
"Love
Occasion problem with posting but otherwise great.
"Was once my favorite twitter app. Not so much now. Color coding still doesn't work. Now if I click a video link
Freezes too often. Also won't mass delete or mark as read the DMs from twitter. Feature freezes so hundreds  of DMs sit unless you delete each one individually.
And I love the zip it feature
Just seems to work better for me.
Great app. My one wish would be an option to mute new people I follow
TweetCaster is good though. Thank you for this. Wish it was the same kind of UI like Seesmic (God rest its soul).
Best twitter app.
"When will you add support for the new retweet-with-comment feature
Can adjust profile.
"Edit; years later and I'm back and this so had picked itself up and is whole again.      Old review            Used to be good
This is the best twitter app ever
"On my old S4
Why does it take so long to open the compose tweet screen?  I'm sorry I purchased this.  I love the ability to see others 'mentions'  please keep this feature.
Good app
"I started using the paid version and it keeps giving me the Rate Limit popup.  It is even happening when I first open the app.  Needs to be fixed.  Otherwise
Manages multiple accounts and does everything I news.
"Best app out there for twitter 
Won't open on my Samsung Galaxy S3. Uninstalled.
"Finally working again. No more freezing
OK
Deje la app oficial por tener errores en las notificaciones... Esta funciona al.100%
"Thank you so much for your work
One of the best twitter applications on here.
My favorite twitter application. Easy to used...
Photos by other users are not loading at all. Why bother updating if it makes the app worse?
This is the first app I install on a new phone. The one I read in bed.  I love being able to post to both Twitter and Facebook at once.
The Best.
"Latest update broke the ability to load previous tweets
"Barely loads old tweets now
"Love this app
It used to be amazing but after the last update it's only showing about an hours worth of tweets a day in my timeline.   Loading gaps just spin and come up empty.  The new swipe up to get the back button on images is a bit obnoxious as well.    I'll keep checking back for an update and revise my review if it starts working again.
"But the new full screen photos viewer kills the mood
"It just doesn't amaze me. For one
"Thanks Onelouder
I can no longer load previous tweets. Really useless if you want to find things posted a few hours ago. From 5 stars to 1. Switching to a different application even though I PAID for this one.
"Used to work perfect. After the most recent update..the gaps aren't downloaded. Used to be able to press ""load more"" and more tweets would load. It doesn't do that any more. And what's more the ""load more"" bar disappears. So you can't attempt to load more tweets again. So I'll have tweets from 35 minutes ago and then 4 hours ago because I can't load the tweets in the gap. It happens on updated versions of my nexus 7 and GS5."
A great app for twitter fans; more user friendly than the actual twitter app
Why is TL not showing all tweets in TL and lists.  Gaps aren't filling correctly from bottom. Unusable!
I've been lost all of the previous tweets a few days ago. It's so frustrating! Pls fix this problem ASAP!!
love it!
Terrible since last update. Won't refresh correctly.
"Favorite twitter app by far but sometimes doesn't load tweets.. The only feature that this is missing is a floating compose tweet widget! Really want to be able to get notifications for getting retweeted
Huge issue loading tweets now.
something's wrong with the app today. unable to load earlier tweets in lists. the load more doesn't load at all. please check and fix asap.
So far I really like it. Much better than the Twitter app.
Tried Evey twitter app there  is_and I always end up back with TWEETCAST
"Embedded tweets support please
Love it
Love it
Nice
This app was working fine but now hangs every time since the Jun 1st update.
love it
Tweetcaster has resumed it's former title of best Twitter app after a lengthy period of incredible lag and other problems. Now it's speedy again and still outdoes all others feature wise. Worth paying for. (S5 on Lollipop)
Totally worth the money
"Swiping could do more
"2 out of 3 of my scheduled tweets fail. I end up having to completely redo my tweet
Love It!!!
"Much better at some things than other apps I've tried. It's really still
"This is definitely one of the better Twitter apps
Overall still one of the smoother Twitter apps out there but where's the new quote system??? New quote system makes even the official Twitter app have more features than this app. How did that happen?
Has recently started going straight to the newest tweet rather than remembering your position in the timeline. Please fix.
Brilliant
"I use the color code option alot to identify tweets and user that I want highlighted. However
The only twitter client I use.  Top notch.
"Works well; update: 5.31.15: still works well
It used to be good. Now all it does is lag and freeze. Uninstall. Fix and I'll try again.
My favourite twitter app. Bought it ages ago. Well pleased :) Still going strong on my S6...improving all the time.. simply the best twitter app...loving the NEW large image previews
Good app.  But needs to improve a lot. Laggs and crashes in my OnePlus one
Good app
Thank you for the fix. You have been restored to your former 5 star attack of the androids approved glory.
"Since their last update
I've used Tweetcaster for years and it's only got better.  I like how it's easy to switch between 2 accounts.
Very nice
Still waiting for the new update...My tweets still wont go from twitter to facebook
Api issue seems to be fixed. 😊
"Same as many others review about the latest version of TweetCaster
"Need improvement for logo
Purcheased!it can only get better
Sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't.  Often times it seems to post my tweets twice in the timeline but when I go to my tweets it only shows up once.  Please fix. Update...I am no longer able to cross post my tweets to Facebook.
Best twitter client there is
"The most important function of a twitter app imo is remembering where I last read. This app struggles with that. Even after doing everything the company recommends it still only remembers half the time. I'm just wondering why you have to jump through hoops for it to remember
System reports the app is a drain on the battery. The app is not in compliance. The app is an enemy of the An-droid. You- will- obey! Or- you- will- be- exterminat-ed!
I loatheeee when it puts me in time outs for 10 minutes at a time. That's so annoying.
"Awesome app. Current version sucks up battery fast enough to make my phone hot
This app is work than Twitter own app.
Send to Facebook
One of the better Twitter apps.
Ridiculously high battery usage after latest update. Uninstalled
I've been using TweetCaster for about 2½ years now and it's still my absolute favorite. The widget options for the Pro version makes it stand out even more for me. It looks great on my Samsung Galaxy Note Edge running Android 5.0 Lollipop.
"Best Android twitter client by far & one of the very few apps I got the paid version of. I would be lost without my interactions button & incorporating lists into the timeline seamlessly. Great app. Only complaint is that since the 9.x update
"Google gives me this update shortly after I open the app
My app doesn't show an update even though I noticed it has been updated on may 9th and 14th. It is still on 9.0 while I noticed that 9.1.2 is out
I can't color code users anymore and everything I fav doubles
"I have unistalled then re-installed the app
"I just like it better than the actual Twitter app
"This blows every other Twitter API out of the water! Themes
"My favorite twitter app. Latest update fixes the issue with TL jumping to the top
Nice
"Started out fine although slow and eventually after time isn't usable. Even though I have Pro it still lags
"Better solution to viewing RT links. A more streamlined view of reply options instead of having a screen long menu of options. Still a 5 star app
Latest improvements are great. Works really well now.
Probably the best Twitter app I've used.
Best twitter app I've used. It has some amazing features and easy to use.
The last 2 updates have crapped up what had been a good app. I can rate this  app no higher than 1 star.
"Hello
WHAT HAPPENED?!?
Been using this for years. With most recent update the refresh settings no longer work it always refreshes at the top no matter what. Also doesn't let you load all the tweets you missed like it used to do. New update is total fail!!
Application
"For current version
I love the customization of this app! My favorite way to use Twitter
Because what we really need is just the details.
Made a wrong decision in purchasing it.
Best Twitter App
The best app ever!
"Lots more features
Its great
Twitter app too buggy in android so this is a brilliant alternative. Nice layout and customisable!
It is simple to use and it always works
"I tried Twitter and Seesmic and this not only beats them
Great for spanning the brink between two social media platforms.
Can't upload pictures or attachments still! 4/29/15. Note 2 4.4
Simply the best app for twitter
Good reliable app
Great app
"Lags sometimes but love this app
Awesome
ممتاز جدا
"By FAR the best Twitter client that I've used! I was using the free one but knew after a day of use that buying the pro version would be worth it! Just a beautiful
"Use this app for me it's so simple but cool. So simple for write the tweet
Solid App
Every version just gets better
By far the best app I've used for Twitter. It's themes are awesome and it's features are the best. Only negative is that I can't seem to be notified when someone new follows me. (I'm sure they will change that)  till then 4 stars.
Latest update has ruined the Zip It feature. Now zips the Twitter client as a while instead of the single tweeter or trend. Not able to view group dms  is annoying.  Happy the picture viewing issues seem to be fixed. I will love this app forever simply for the zip feature.
"Love this App
"Best app for searches
"Since the last update I keep getting repeat notifications every 5 minutes
Tweets keep failing every time I try to send them through to Facebook and Twitter
"Love this app
But missing material design.
"Very good. Little options because it is so perfect. Smooth
Excellent
"I have used Tweetcaster as my top Android Twitter app basically since I got an android phone a handful of years ago. I have always loved the customization and the fact that it consistently worked well. Now they have fixed the only complaint I had - used to be if I clicked on a tweet in the widget
Works and looks great on the Galaxy S6 Edge
Great app.
I dig this app everything works well except the favorites in interactions. It doesn't show the user that favorites you and when you tap it takes you to favstar which also doesn't show who favorites you (unless you pay for their premium service presumably). Besides that great app.
Can I get a hell yea??
I like it. A lot better than the official app
Simply put the best twitter app out there! Nothing else comes close.
Best twitter app
Amazing customizations and extra features which makes it best stand alone app for Twitter.
Been using it for years now! Hope we could manually set how many hours we want to Zip It and it'll be perfect!
I don't want them for Twitter! I get notifications constantly... Several times a minute in every minute of every day. Is it better to just change settings to 'manual refresh'?
"The big boss of all twitter apps but in new update u used too much of the top screen
Working like its supposed tooo
Love this app.. the only change I would make is once I open the app to start at the top other than that it's amazing!!
Loving the app again.
I would like to think that the widget would work having paid for this. Nexus 6.
Some things don't just work like they used to.
Tons better then Twitter!
Thee greatest tweet app ever
"I just THOUGHT this was a POS on my HTC One M8; I can't even log on with my Samsung Note 4. ""Something is technically wrong - thank you for noticing. .."" If there's anything worse than a POS app that doesn't work
Suddenly all vines stopped working. It's like the link is broken. Tried original twitter app and there they work. Tried to reinstall but didn't help. Fix pls or tell me what I'm suddenly doing wrong.
So cool best I seen in awhile
Vine and YouTube no longer have video thumbnails
best ever!!!
Latest update crashes all the time.
still the most feature rich twitter app for andriod. I recommend this app over any other mobile twitter app.
This is the last bad Twitter client that I've tried on Android. It does the job and is less annoying than Twitter's own client.
Vines that show up in my feed are not loading or showing up at all.. It use to work fine.. Fix it the vine
It needs to exit application option. Other than that great app update.
The number one app for Twitter.
"This is the paid version of TweetCaster
"This app runs like trash on my Droid Maxx. I get excited for updates because I was once an avid fan and boycotted Twitter. But these days this app seems like store too much data. It is slow when posting a tweet
"I've had a lot of problems in the past with it freezing & crashing
Now the biggest complaint I have is the zip it feature zips the entire trend I am viewing when I have selected specifically what I want to zip.  I go back and unchecked the terms etc. I want to show and it shows the stuff I wanted zipped.  Other than that it's a great app.  3 stars only because this zip it feature is something I was using all the time. (Pretty major to me)
Yes
Constantly freezes up. Images not viewable in feed. A disaster with more bugs than a rent by the hour motel room.
Too Much screen at top now being used!!    Dislike a lot
Since the last update Vine videos do not play or show up on my TIMELINE. It's been almost a week not. Not sure what the hold up is but please fix!
No hassle
It's pretty solid. Just hoping they're are a few more tweeks coming soon.
Good work
"Love ❤ the layout and ease of Use
"Works really well
"New update took more space. Not really useful. Please reconsider to make it smaller
"The newest update seems to use even more screen space for the top UI toolbars
Working so much better!
Great user interface. Still my favorite Twitter app
Cool
No Longer Use!
After giving me error 403 for an hour the issues of sending tweets has been fixed.  5 stars
Let me actually send tweets. I'm sick of the constant failing
Timeline won't refresh. (14 hours at time if review)
Great!
I always had to have the native Twitter app on my phone because this app was very slow at publishing. This has improved 100% and is now my only Twitter client. *Fast and extremely feature rich* Totally worth paying to support development. They finally got it right =]
so far it's easy to get around and it's cute but how do you see mentions?
Does exactly what I need
I love it
its bad app since update lollipop it doesnt work.dont buy it .bad bad frozing not work
"Couldn't apply widget after moving app to SD card. Extremely fast response to my email. Do not to move to SD card if applying widget. Quick
"Loop the vine videos automatically. More notifications needed. Followers
Gif playback is glitchy and doesn't loop. The header takes up too much space. Fix it and I'll give you those two stars back.
Wont let me post tweets or pictures
With every update I think there's hope for this app lol if they could eventually fix the freezing and the force closing this app would be great
"Long time user
Yea!
Great app
Widget?
"Finally Fixed It! Took a while to address all the recent bugs
From 1 star to five stars 👍
"Has a lot of cool features
I definitely like this better than the default Android twitter app. Easy to use and feature rich. Sometimes slows down and needs to be reinstalled
Love it!!! Great app.
This makes Twitter so easy to use. I really enjoy using this app.
Latest update does not stream incoming tweets reliably. There are large gaps between tweets. The new toolbar is also much larger and very distracting.
"There is too much wasted space at the top there
"Bought Tweetcaster
I love it
I switched from plume to this because plume was acting up all the time love because it plays videos with out leaving the app and it keeps timeline in order unlike twitter app
"What can I say
"I've been using this app for years and while it's a great app still
Cool app. Easy to use.  Easy setup.
Schedule tweets in multiple accounts - awesome.
"Used 2 be worth using - now
Good 2 go
I like the background sync and realtime notification.  Which is better than others...
"A boot screen that seems to never disappear
"Repeated failures to launch. Sometimes 'Wait' works. Recently takes 3
Until now tweetcaster is the best for androud program
This was a great app compared to others. I have been using for 2 years now and it has the same stupid GUI. Haven't you heard devs that there's a material design out there? It will not affect the performance of your app. Others are implementing the new concept without any trouble. I paid good money on a twitter client while the official is FREE but I chose to get this one because I believed in you. You disappoint me greatly. Uninstalling and good bye until you update your ice age GUI.
Really slow for months now. Flaky and latest thing to fail is the save picture function. The inbuilt browser is an absolute pain as well. It's just a clunky assemblage of bloatware.
Great app. It xoes what I want ot to do.
Damned good
Need to be more flexible
"Keep accumlating old message without purge
Its not working on my galaxy s 2
It jumps to top of timeline i have note 3
Best twitter app on the market. Highly recommended.
Best Twitter app out there.
The best Twitter app I have ever used.
"What's up with the ""load more""  function? It loads a lot less tweets than it used to before it stops. (using load from bottom option). Will email dev."
Nice one
"Used to be slow and laggy to the point where I couldn't use it
This Twitter app is good and having paid i have not seen ads from the apps itselt only Twitter which i can't  blame the app for. That said there are feature that are great while some leave one desperatly wating. With limited space you should see all you can get from the screen prints the App shows.
The dog's nuts of twitter apps!
"After recent updates: *slow*. Can't post pics. TL takes 30sec+ to load. Notifications unreliable (as usual). Can hang at splash screen. Often (valid) image links in tweets will not load. Inbuilt browser is useless
This app is decreasing lately !! .. the original Twitter app is waaaaaaaaaay better !!!
"I love the Zip It feature
"Used to be faultless
Crashes constantly...I've also noticed it's using huge amount of data...need to find a new twitter app
Had uber before and was a😢 nightmare but this so far so good 👍👍
"Lists
"I had this app a few years ago and it was great. Downloaded it yesterday and got charged twice
"Pics will not attach to any tweets/replies/RTs now since the last update. Only works if I ""share"" a pic directly from the gallery. :("
"The last version have many problems. It crashs often and run very slowly. Indeed
Helps make my Note 3 useful
Constant force close. The app I paid for won't even open. please fix asap
Very laggy and almost useless since last update
"Lightweight
Just went pro. I love it...a few days later...Pro crashed after the last update. I AM SO DISAPPOINTED. 😞   This app is unusable. 1 star until it's fixed.
"Maybe I'm just comfortable with it
"Personally
"I'm running a Nexus 4 with Lollipop and the app does nothing but keep freezing and crashing. With pop-up messages asking to stop app and report issue
"This app could be five stars
Love it!
What happened to twitlonger support?
"I've used some others twitter app before. For the last one year
"This is now vary laggy to where I can hardly use it. :(  we need an option to revert
TweetCaster is fast reliable and user friendly
TweetCaster Pro has everything you need most of the other apps  do not have a delete button if you want to delete a tweet  and don't have the proper Rte retweet too...  this is so smooth and you can custom design it... I love it! The only way to use Twitter!!
very good
I love it!
"a lot of people seem to be complaining about crashes.... i was having the same problem
"I've tried all of the Android twitter apps there are. At least on my Galaxy S2
Constant freezing and crashing. Doesn't ever want to load tweets or pictures.
l love this App!
"No complaints whatsoever. Anyone who say it
Since last update it's very slow and laggy like I didn't update it. I've had the pro version since 2010. Fix and I'll give 5 stars again
Great product easy to navigate and handles multiple accounts with ease.
"Do not pay for this. App has started to freeze all the time
Love it. Still the best twitter app in my opinion
Are you thinking about sorting out the search facility and the force closes any time soon? It's been like this for months.
Very smooth. Very fast . Works well on Galaxy S3 and Note 4. Thank you.
"Constantly crashing
Best Twitter application.
"This app has the potential to be the best twitter client on the market. However the developers clearly prefer to add features which contributes to the bloating of the app which in turn contributes to the app being slow and unusable which is what this app has become. The time line won't load
"Since the last update this is very slow to open and load pages. Painfully slow. Please fix
This was my go-to app for Twitter for years and the most recent update has made it so slow as to be almost unusable. I've recommended this app for ages...I'm struggling now to justify its use.
I used to love this app but it's been really slow lately. Please fix this
Another new problem is the loading time when I pressed load more. Why is it loading so late? Like I can't even bother waiting anymore -.-
Works well and hasn't crashed yet. One con is that conversation view isn't accessible with one click.
Cool users interface and relatively simple to use. Love the tweet longer extention but the search options is virtually useless.
The last updates ruined a smooth running app. Now it needs up to 5 minutes to load the timeline. Single accounts can't be loaded. Bookmarks don't work anymore. Sometimes the screen becomes black for no reason. BOOOOOH!!
Crashes at times though!
Love the wishers!
"Refund in 5 minutes. Too slow
"The latest version of Tweetcaster (8.9.7 as of this review) is easily the worst update it has ever had. Aviary
"Stalls whenever I attempt to add a user to a list
When I try to open this app lately most times it will just stay on the blue app title page. When I touch the screen the tweet options menu pops up over the blue screen. Very annoying. Love app when its working. Will be 5stars when fixed.
"Love this all
The best Twitter app out hands down
"A lot of bugs. Since the last update
"Lists
I've been using this for ages and I've never had a problem with it until now. I can't figure out how to send pics via direct message. Help please. Also my tweets are failing today. This has never happened before and nothing I have tried has helped
"I have to keep uninstalling it to get it to work right.  It's VERY slow and crashes often.  Would be a great app
Must have app!!!
تطبيق ممتااااز للتويتر
Search is entirely too slow now following the latest update
I love the retweet with comment function and the list function.  This app is a permanent part of my phone.
Easy to use software.
"sae
"But now
Does what it's supposed to do and I love the dark background.
Love the fact that I don't have to see the advertising. Doesn't crash on my Galaxy Edge
"As of now
"The zipper idea is great
It's a great Twitter app. Gives you everything in a simple and straightforward manner. I highly recommend it.
Awsome app
No better Android client.
Good
tweet so easily
"It takes a little getting use to
Take a while to get to the tweet section but other than that I love love this app
Got all 5 stars as it is relatively the best app out there. I'm saying so after using tons of others. Paid version is simply awesome
Works fine looking at tweets but crashes every time looking at profiles on my Nexus 7. Fix soon or going back to official twitter app.
Love it
"I'd give it zero stars if possible. Every time they do an update
Really f*****g good
"Excellent for both device
"Has to be the best Twitter app
Still awesome even i have change my phone from oppo find way to xiaomi redmi note
#YuRP
This app ROCKS! No UB thin problems with it since purchase a year ago.  Galaxy Note 3.
I like this! But I just wish you had the option to have all twitter accounts on one timeline
So much better interaction with twitter.  Wish I had known about this a while ago.
No Twitter. Don't waste your cash
Love it.
oh well just fine.
Great app not quite a 5 but very close
Seriously the worst memory leak of any app I have EVER USED. Ruins what is otherwise a great app. I have to force close every 5 minutes otherwise images won't display. Clearing image cache does nothing. So annoying :(
Been a little slow lately.
Good
After last update some links not opened well.
Great! I love this app so much
Will back give 5 star if you could consider to give option to hide thumbnails at bottom of full image view in image gallery.
"Needs a REAL auto-complete of Twitter handles. I don't remember the little specifics of names
Perfect replacement for Twitter. Notifications can be easily controlled unlike the official app and zip it is a great feature! :)
Excellent!!!
best
"Relatively easy to follow
Great App. Helps us novice tweeters look like we know what we are doing
My recommendation is instead updating uninstall & install the program fresh.
Does lots of handy extra things.
I like the interface and timeline display.
Does all most everything I need
"This would really have a 5 star if the picture links worked for this app. I've been with this app for months but I'm going to have to uninstall and leave if the pic links don't start working. Keeps shutting off saying ""tweetcaster has stopped working"""
Better than the normal app.  Pay the money for pro app
Great apps madafaka!!
Probably the best twitter client in the market
Needs a UI update to fit with lollipop
Great wee app
Love every aspect of this app. Keep on making those strategic partnerships that add to this app.
Have used a bunch of apps but keep coming back home to   tweet caster.
cut sync off instead of 2 hr max.
"Gallery view please. Otherwise
"The colors are fixed
"Love this app..so many features and clean interface..my only hate is the readability link
"Functional
"Great app
"The new look
"no flaws
"If we could see who favoured our tweets this would be a 5
"Great app
"Since last update
"To see “who retweeted this“ I need to go to more details.  The older design was more simple and easy to access “who retweeted this"".  Also an extra step is needed to copy the tweet!!   Really accessibility to features becomes harder."
Please fix the painfully bright colors for the tweets and mentions.
"After using this for almost 4 years
"Excellent interface
Great app
Ive been using it since i first met it a couple a years ago and i dont have any plans to change it.
It's the bomb!
"This used to be a really great app but for several months it's had a memory leak issue that hasn't been fixed in any of the updates. After running for a while
The title should say it all. The many features are a welcomed bonus. The added theme options also a welcomed perk. With the combination of all that makes this app very hard to beat.
Very good app
Finally fixed the bugs back to buisness best twitter app around and ive tried them all could use some help in the design department but other than that this app is solid
Perfect app but If you put (translating tweets) I will rate it 5 stars.
Awesome
I've used tweetcaster exclusively but it's been draining my battery even with all notification turned off.
"Samsung 5
Set to ping me on most important Tweets and DMs
More reliable than the Twitter app!
I like it
Still my favorite app for twitter
The pro version is better because of the lack of advertisements. The features are nice and I can see conversations unlike seesmic.
The best Twitter app
Really like how they keep improving the interface.
Love this app
"Used to be awesome
Finally got larger previews. SWEET! 🙌😍
The title says it all.
"Really like this app (pro)
"it is S L O W!  Even though I paid for the app
Loving the tweetcaster pro.
A few times it stalled I would like to he able to look up a user without from the menu...
This is a great tool for managing twiter especially if you have multiple accounts. I love the control and flexibility it offers and saves me a lot of time.
Easy to use.
Love it! Best Twitter app!
Back button frequently does not work after going into pictures or vine videos. *Gxy Note 3*
I can see only 2 pics and then can't open anymore. Please pleaseee fix them
Best Twitter Application I've Used
"Better even than Twitter's own app! Couldn't be without it.Having spent so long using free version
Much better than twitter
Since last update don't seem to be getting notifications until I open app. Galaxy Note 3
Tweetcaster
Goat
I paid for this app but I always get the Twitter Limit thing and end up NOT being able to use it at all. Now I'm using the generic Twitter app for Android. I want a REFUND!
"OneLouder is one of the top Android developer today.  Everything they touch turned into gold. TweetCaster is one of them.   She is a beauty to look at on the outside.  Inside the app engine
Great for new and old alike... Terrific functionality AND allows themes like a DARK screen... Rejoice!
Wish there was push notifications
Love this app so far! No complaints.  Only gave it 4 stars because I need to test it more.
By far the best Twitter app. Worth every penny. Seriously.
Pictures don't display. I use the pro app everyday. Many times linked pictures dont display. AT ALL. A basic feature!!! When I try to look at a picture this app crashes. Guys... Seriously... Fix this issue! Captain packrat is correct. Memory leak. Ck out another app.
"Hard to differentiate between video and photos from the preview. There used to be a ""play button"" on video previews
"Would love to give it 5 star but it's not perfect. It won't keep my CAPITALISED saved words and TLAs.  Also
I had some trouble getting app to work and emailed OneLouder. They responded quickly and turned out the problem was me and not the app. I love this app and appreciate OneLouder's quick response.
"The new media view just sux
The official Twitter app dragged down my system. This app gets me back online!
This is hands down with no competition the BEST Twitter application!
Love it
This is my favorite twitter client bay far. Would like emoji.
"I am NEVER notified of any @ or msg. Ever. I even had it set to refresh every 1 minute while I was having a conversation &  still nothing I was even backed out of the app and no notification.  Also can't look through pictures friends have uploaded. Good luck scrolling through there tweets. Let's say you add a new friend
"The widget disappeared
Best client I've used - every update adds something new. UPDATED: Please add Wear support for integration with Android wearables!
"Haven't found another Twitter app that offers the features and customisation options Tweetcaster has. Has all I need and want
"By Far The Best!!! Twitter App....Hands Down
One of the best social apps. ..ever.
Gallery does not always work on samsung galaxy s5 Verizon G 900 v
"If all you want to do is read tweets
On the Note 4
"Twitter is a key part of my work
I love the newest update! The bigger pics are awesome! Keep up the awesome work!
Works well these days. Could use a template system. I save to drafts and copy & paste.
Great app
Much better
Excellent
Good to  get good to have
Doesnt work good with galaxy S4 it forces to close every time.. plz fix it
Much prefer it over the official twitter app. Used it over several phones with no problems.
"I've had tweetcastor from day 1. And I love this app. All the color displays available etc. It's fun. I've tried regular twitter
"If you use Twitter a lot
Good app!
Love it. Use it.
Tweetcaster needs a new profile look! The icon scooted up just a little to overlap the headed like on web would be perfect.
"The Update finally worked!  Thank You!!   I can now sign in!! (I can't use any other app
"If accumulates a lot of data after a while which slows down reaction time
And I have most Twitter apps downloaded but over the years I keep coming back to TweetCaster. Time to unload and uninstall the rest.
"It's Okay
Great app
I hope u refine the app design and some cool effects when opening the Twitter gap and new tweets.
I love this app!
Simply the best!
"Timeline refresh fails too often. Big chunks just disappear
Still finding it hot or miss whether pictures will open or if I get the black screen of doom. On both Galaxy Note tablet & Xperia Z phone. This had been going on for at least a month or two.
Why bookmark only 1 even we add so many?
Best twitter app in the market
"Still my favorite Twitter client. And even though this update made the font a little smaller
Good app but after last update the font on the trends is very small
"I've tried many clients
Love it! Best app hands down
Can't view video uploaded to pic.twitter
"still the best among twitter apps but have a few that needs improving on
I have used tweetcaster with numerous android phone and it is brilliant
Works for me with two different accounts.Give it a go
Loving it ☺
Better than twitter itself
Gets better with each update!!
"Used this app for years
"It tries to do too much. I had previously uninstall it because of bloating. Using it again
I would give this app at least 4 stars if it weren't for readability. Too many bugs. I wish I could go straight to the website. And it's very buggy linking to pictures.
"Search
This is my go to Twitter app on my phone. I use the Pro app and it has been well worth it.
"Cleanest
Good program for twitter but with flaws. Very hard for example to look for a follower or people you follow. This is very basic.
Only 4 stars as soon as you use a draft it disappears out of the draft folder. If I am writing tweets about rugby I need to use the same basic tweet several times.
By far the best twitter app for droid.. (moto blur)
I'm not that into Twitter but this app has made it easy to figure out what I'm doing
Been using Tweetcaster for 4 years. Never disappoints!
I use  pro app everyday but I can't clik hashtag
Great stuff
I've tried lots of Twitter aps but keep coming back to this one!
...
Haven't found a Twitter app that works better!
I have used this for years. I occasionally yet other apps including the official one and always come back to this one.
Still my favorite Twitter client.
Great client always had been
Does everything it needs to.
"I would have given it 5/5
Great for multiple twitter accounts and posting to one or more at once.
It's cool
Much faster after uninstall reinstall
I like this app a lot but sometimes it's buggy
"I've tried many
"I have tried loads of others
"Tweetcaster is my favorite Twitter app. I would give it 5 Stars if I could check as read my DMs. I sometimes use my computer and read them
I've been using Tweetcaster for about two and a half years now. It's a feature rich Twitter client and I've yet to find anything that beats it. Great job developers!
"I find myself being severely disappointed with this app now. I have tweets not showing up in my TL
I have problem & they fix it very fast and follow up with me all the time ...very good service
Great!!
Love TweetCaster! Allows more overall control of Twitter account then other apps. Tons of features built in.
Great features fast and better than the original twitter app
Image uploads are failing.  Not allowing you to post.
Does what it says on the tin. Doesn't always offer me ppl I follow when I start typing @-name which is a bit of a frustration
Works awesome
Love the TweetCaster.
One of the first I go for with a new phone.
I've had it Since Twitter came out m never a problem and easy to use.
Easy and convenient
a great Twitter App... has many features that aren't found elsewhere.  I love it!
Best on Play for multiple Twitter accounts.
"A lot better than the official app in every way
Best twitter app
Hands Down the best social media app available
"Great interface
Can someone help me?its been weeks i couldnt sign in to twitter via tweetcaster..even after update it still stated as failed to connect to twitter...heelllppp
i love it
I love the large print options!  Pity it is so hard to contact devs. Would love to be able to order descending (newest posts at bottom). 5 stars for a positive reply from devs if you read your reviews
Fantastic app. One of my favorites. The best Twitter app out there. Highly Recommend !!!
Best twitter app
Can't retweet-telling me it's automated. Can't RT with mention either.
"What can I say other than the fact that it's great! When you have more to say
Ok
Love it
Me es más amigable que la interfaz oficial
I love this app. It is way better than others I have tried.
Best way to use twitter. Love all the ways you can customize it.
I don't receive notifs anymore after the last update. ):
Lots of performance bugs fixed. But dropping the ball. Still miles behind. Can't view DM images unless previews are on without it opening your web browser or another twitter based app. Still no gif support without opening browser/other twitter app. Refresh limits can still grate your nerves as the auto refresh is semi-reliable at best. App is still prone to start up crashes every now and then. App easily could score 4/5 or even 5/5 if DM images and gif support make the next patch.
What happened to the people search?
The Best!!!!!
Each update makes a different problem. Kinda starting to not be worth this app.
"Fast
"I use this app several times a day. I searched for a great Twitter client
Love it!
"This app has a very very good UI and tons of features that are handy to and work seamlessly
افضل برامج تويتر بلا منازع
Still the best Twitter app..
Very easy to use and so much better than the original Twitter client. More features too.
Much better than older versions or the native twitter app!
It does everything I have ever asked for from a twitter client
I am a fan. I love it.
Would be better if they didn't try to make it look like IOS7 (flat buttons etc)
"Regular updates. Clean
"After the last update
"Probably the best Twitter app out there. Only thing missing here is push notifications
"Great app with loads of features
Love it...nothing bad at all so far. The best Twitter app by far.
It allows me to post more than 140 characters thanks to Tweetlonger!
I don't know if it's got anything to do with twitters API rules but it's getting very frustrating seeing the exact same retweet on your timeline over and over and if it's popular accounts who you and your friends follow you see the same tweet again and again. And the UI needs a massive overhaul now it's getting a tad boring. I love tweetcaster but I've been using it a lot less as of late.
Love it
I dig it.
Excellent Thanks
User friendly and it has a good customizable colours.
"Superb app
"Maximizes Twitter on Android. Latest update is solid
Or update. I've uninstalled and re-installed twice today. Plase fix. I've got a Galaxy Note 2
Doing well!
Not really into Twitter but is really good app works fine with all the new updates
"Best paid app I own. Very good and very quick on load speeds. I recommend that you buy this app. It's 100% without a doubt worth the money
It's easy and clean
Best app for twitter
In lov  with tweetcaster
"bought the pro version
Last update has killed it. Sort it out devs.
I send two tweets and I get a msg stating I'm over Twitters limit for tweeting. Then I can't do anything for 10 min. Uninstall
I used to love it but now I hate the delay to tweet almost seems like it freezes. I hate waiting to reply to someone tweets. Seriously has me looking at others now. Still want to give it a chance but delay in tweeting is not good
I just bought it and I'm in love this apps so much
Th best Twitter app PERIOD.
"Every time an update happens
Of late it's missing tweets from my time line - a basic function. Time to find another app. Sigh. Can't people stop 'improving' things that work?
يستاهل الخمسة نجوم
"Whatever you did
"I love that it returns to where you were before in the feed. Missing only built-in vine player. Edit - now plays vines in-app - what's next
"I loved Tweetcaster on iOS. I could zip people and never see them unless I wanted to
Keep working out thse kinks and it'll be GREAT!
"Since the update
Great app but for some reason I cannot send attachments in direct messages
No ads
"I've used the free version for over a year and have been impressed with its overall performance and features that I recently upgraded to the Pro version. I couldn't be happier. Each time I've tried other similar apps
When I first got this app it worked great. Now it's very slow and sends my tweets twice.
"Most of the time it's a great app
Can't attach photos to DMs and notifications are seriously slow. Don't waste your $$ on the pro version.
"It looks good
Fantastic a+++
I live this app but recently when I try to tweet or retweet with comment my phone goes to sleep before the tweet screen ever appears. I'm not sure what's causing the lag but it needs to be fixed asap.
"This app is more than a ""prettifier"" for Twitter. It allows you to assign different colors to those tweets that matter most to you. It also borrows from Twitter its ability to make ""lists"" (think: groups) to sort your the tweet stream
"I've used this Twitter client for about 3 years with no problems so I bought it
Bought the app. It constantly freezes. Works slow and choppy.
"You expect this from a free version
"If you have a set of tweeters you want to keep up with
Far superior to Twitter's own app. Long live TweetCaster!
now that @onelouder is not.  supports Slices.  I use this app daily and gets better with Pro
I like it It needs just a bit more improvement
The app needs an update where you can use the actual Pocket app to read articles later instead of having to sign in online.
"In 2011 I gave 5 stars coz it was better than other apps 
I have 3 Twitter accounts. TweetCaster Pro permits me to edit  and submit tweets for 2 or 3 accounts at the same time. I can manage Twitter very easily on a smartphone and tablet.
Best social media ever
"Could have a cleaner interface
Yup
Used to be good but every time I try to add the widget it crashes. Try reinstalling but made no difference. Pls fix!
Way better than twitter app!
I would suggest this to everyone
Been using for a long time. Always happy with it. Updates always excite. Recommend Pro for sure. Currently using Samsung Galaxy S5.
Been using tweetcaster for a minute and I expect nothing but the best every time. Sometimes it acts up but customer service responds quickly so I have no issues.
Great app!
I haven't found anything that can compare.
update makes DMs hard to manage. Needs way to mark all as read. also ability to DM pictures would be nice.
Tried another apps but prefer this one
I love the app but I don't see anything different from the free app.
It seems to-be very very.Its easy to Use..Awesome Stuff. Thanks tweetcaster.
new update wont even let me go past the authentication page.
Very functional app
"Best twitter app so far 
This is the best twitter app that i've ever used..
Went pro after two years of using the free version. Solid client. I do wish it showed when people favorite or retweet my tweets (unless that's an option that I just haven't found yet).
The button @ should be all  interactions not only mentions ....
Loving the updates
A++++
It is the best app. But it crashe after the new Android update 4.2.2. Thank you it is perfect five star
Hide RT option and gif pics are not working.
Lack of G+ & push notifications makes this pretty much useless for me.
Super
Generally doesn't have a ui that sucks which is pretty much a miracle from twitter apps. If only you could reverse the timeline
"I loved TweetCaster so I bought the pro version. Happy years went by. All of the sudden
I've tried all the twitter apps and this is by far the best!
"Great Flow
It just works!
GOOD
"Great apps
Good stuff.
Couldn't be better.
Awesome and keeps getting better!
"Include an option to delete old tweets from the timeline. The reason the app runs so slow is because if you're following a lot of people you have 5000+ tweets on your TL and the app then goes at a snails pace. I usually just ""clear data"" the app but every time I do I lose all my settings."
Is app compatible with Android Wear?
Since the most recent update when I log out the app automatically logs me back in after a few minutes.  Usually love this app but this is annoying.  Please fix
I love using this Twitter app. Thanks for keeping it up to date and releasing speedy fixes.
This app beats every other app. Hands Down.
Love this app because it allows me to add more content.  Sometimes I hsve issues with adding content to a tweet but nothing else comes close to this so I'm a user forever! This is a great app for posting longer tweets! It's sometimes buggy or slow but still the best one available.
I may have missed a setting somewhere but the new lines to separate tweets just looks plain ugly. Please remove or give us the option to not show the horizontal lines!
"Notifications for new tweets should not be set by default. Phone vibrated incessantly after install
Excelent
On the detailed forum it says there's 12 themes...I only have 2 Light and Dark......please me help me understand
Too many permissions asked
Perfect
really nice app very stylish a  keeper its fantastic love it  :-)
This app has become very slow over last few weeks. Takes almost a minute to upload earlier tweets & 20 secs to refresh timeline. Recommend you look for alternate app till fixed.
Color scheme sucks with the updates though
Best twitter client ... After gravity for symbian I love this for android too good
Really easy to use. Nearby function is great too.
"Now that I switched phones
The best.
Ok twitter app but not intuitive nor user friendly.
Sync works well between Note 3 and Galaxy Tab S once I finally figured out how Tweetmarker works within the app.
Note 3
My favorite twitter app
I will give you 5 star if you fix the limit. Its keep limit when im try refresh my timeline
Useless app.
I'm still learning how to use it properly but it's a flexible good looking app
When it comes to Twitter...this app if the dog's balls!
"Very slow and lags. Was fine
I love using tweetcaster. It's a great app. I can tweet more than 140 characters and it will shorten it and put a link to the entire tweet.
Please update the ui for tablets like you did on the phone ui
"I've used this app for over 2 yrs & have loved it until now. Every time I try to reply to someone the app closes. Also
Like That
Cool
Works very well.
A couple of crashes on my new LG G3. Fix that for the 5th star... 😀
Would be good if themes and tweet options were brought into 2014...new redesign is better but feels old school and clunky still.
"This app offers the best twitter experience
Probably the best for Android
Easy to use
Best Twitter app on google play
Great way to get up to the date news from non network sources.
I love this app so much the way you do it is awesome I am now a samsung galaxy s4 user so I luv your app even more thank you
Just love this app...
Superb app
Great
Best twitter client around. Tried Plume and Echofon. Didnt't like em. The most complete and feature packed twitter apps in the market.
I like this app to manage twitter
So much delay when one tries to tweet or retweet. It's like it goes blank for some time till one can write something. Yhoooo. WTF?? Attend to dis lag abeg...
"The delay in tweeting is my only issue. Other clients go instantly
Great app for Twitter.
"Love the new update
Seriously... it rate limit my twitter even before i start to scroll the tweets! its like once i launch it told me its rate limit.... do smth bout it and i'll give a 5 stars! Cheer mate
For twitter
I can't post tweets. Each time I tap the icon I get a black screen & then the app crashes
Muy buena app
Working fine but had bugs earlier
"nice app but if you can make the apperance of time line smooth 
The app is great and I have used it for 3 years with little issue. The only flaw is the Readability browser is terrible so I've switched it off.
I like this twitter client.  The only gripe I have is that it doesn't have a mute function.  It has the zip feature but that's ugly.  :)
"Web browser can be a little painful at times and some pic wont display
App doesn't load 90% of the time and is very unresponsive!
"This is the best APP for twitter
"Tried loads
Love it give u many option better than the original
"I have temporarily went back to twitter app to post tweets as since the new update it takes 5 seconds or more for the new tweet screen to open.  I have a Samsung s5
Totally love this app. Great menu. East to navigate. Worth paying for.
I Iike it
Still has trouble with timeline position from last read.
"I've been a user of TweetCaster Pro for a number of years now and it's still pretty much the best Twitter client out there. All that is missing is the 'Mute' feature recently added to the Twitter website. OneApp
Nice application
Worthed apps
Was the best twitter app available.  New UI is a big step backwards. Looks like a v1 app rather than a mature product.  Rolling back to older version.
The app that I once would've described as the best for twitter is now the worst. Crashes every five minutes please fix
I can't sign in.
"Problem before the update
Def worth getting if use twitter a lot
Can you guys make this work on Android L
"I'm very happy with Tweetcaster Pro
I love the custom font size option but I have a problem. The screen used to post a new tweet it takes about 4 seconds to load. My device is a Samsung Galaxy S3.
Love This App
"This is my favorite Twitter application
I've tried them all but Tweetcaster Pro is my favourite app.
My primary twitter client. But Facebook connection lost sometime.
I bought this app 2 years ago. Loved it. But now I go to sign in yesterday and I can't! You say I dont have a token? Realllly?!  Wth?
Pay
The most wonderful thing is that it shows 2 avatars on any Retweet. The design is nice but needs to have sharper lines and it is not quite high dev. So work on that plz
"Still enjoying this versatile Twitter app and the update to the interface is icing on the cake. The full screen loading splash is not the best
This is by far the best twitter app I've used. I recommend it to all my friends and family. Keep up the great work.
"I once tried the free one and satisfied with it. Thus
CAN'T SHARE TWEETS TO FACEBOOK
"Someone that made your life wonderful....until one day they just don't. Crashes
So much packed into this App. Best Twitter client by a long way.
Way better than the twitter app. Only 1 problem.  I wish i could view who favorited my tweet without using my browser like the older versions did. That'll get it 5 stars :)
Everytime I click on to trend topics it error message come up and said rate limit has been exceed..and it be my 1st checking it...please fix!!!!
I use twitter for news and have exactly three subscriptions. Great options to allow me to get those tweets in a neat and timely fashion.
"After update alway hank
Don't use that much but every time I try to use it more or less tells me to Come back later.....???? And its the paid version. Doesn't stay updated. Very glitchy.???????
Does everything it says
Makes twitter rock that much more! Awesome app!!!
Excellent Application
Much better Then Tweetdeck a Nice Twitter client :-)
Enough said....
The new look is amazing and i love the rounded avatars. Its a great app but I wish I could edit the color of the mentions and my tweets in the bubble themes..
Use this app everyday. Twitter and Facebook posting made so simple. Thanks for a great app. Worth the price for the Pro version. No ads
So many problems I'm not going to bother listing them
"Love this update
"Being a pro user
The update makes this app run so much smoother only thing I wish can be added is jump to the top button when you're in your list instead of having to hit the option button to jump to the top
"Absolutely fantastic until the latest update
"The best Twitter app by a country mile
Much better
Now a days I am on TweetCaster for catching up with what is happening when and where because I am following many news postings
Keeps lagging/freezing when trying to refresh or scroll. Please fix.
Constantly crashing. Tweets not posting. I see I'm not alone. Have sent report after report but One Louder don't seem to care. Has made my phone shut down at least 3 times today. Has crashed 4 times in 3 minutes this evening. Do not buy this app.
"Please give me back my money. You're slowing down
I do like some of the features of this app like tweeting from 2 accounts at same time. Also love that can get preview of Instagram pics. However the reason I am uninstalling is the fact you cannot be notified when you have new followers or requests from ppl to follow. Also no notifications for ppl favouriting tweets. If these features are added I will return
I would give it 5 stars if the gallery option worked  the rest of the app is good
"Love this app. Everything I'm looking for in a Twitter app like intuitive and clever searching. Fast posting and feed viewing via the fantastic widgets. Easy to use especially across multiple Twitter accounts. Zip and unzip
Better
Does what u want u can mute people tweet longer search nearby
"push Notifications are either always a few minutes late or I don't get notified at all.   as for the date issues
"Fast
Works great.
I love Tweetcaster!
"After having issues for months
Power users will like TweetCaster until you realize how slow & bloated the app is/becomes. It moves especially slow transitioning between screens or the initial open. Says it is 5 mb on store but shows at 18+ mb in my phone. In need of a major UI update cause it's fugly!
Still the best. Love the FB cross post feature.
I can't open twitpic though. So please fix it. Overall I like the app! Thanks!
Fantastic app! So much better than the official one. Navigation is great!
"Stable
Makes my twitter life a breeze.
Too much foreclosure. It also double post.
"Ich war hier lange auf der Suche nach einem schicken Client
I find it excellent. Thank you
"Used to love this app
Сыро очень
"Slow
It will be good if there's PC Version of this app! Keep up the good work!
"The UI needs a fresh overhaul... needs separate feeds for photos
it should view multiple twitter picture too
I prefer the widget over the others I've tried. The app is generally stable and responsive.
Good product. Wish it would let tweets go to facebook fan page not personal.
Hands down the best mobile twitter app I've ever used.  Must have for any twitter user especially those with multiple accounts.
It's a bit like TweetDeck used to be. Ace.
best
"Very good
Title says it all. Very much worth the money for the pro version.
This is a great app and I use it daily as my main twitter client.... It has some excellent features and is so simple to use. I would highly recommend it.
It just work.
nice app no complains now.
"Very easy to use functionally
Great app easy to use
the interface is ugly and has not been updated for years. bring us a android design complianced version!
Worth it
Great app.
Revolutionary
Love it
I •LOVE• this app!  It is so functional with all of it's KEWL features!!!
Still unable to view Twitpic  photos on the TL.. Other than that I'd give 5 stars with no hesitation.
"The best twitter app I have found
Better than the official Twitter app.... The app is starting to take a while sending tweets. I have no patience. 😐
"Every time try to open an preview or profile image
"Good to update and tweet to others
This is my favorite tweet app on my mobile.  I have been using it exclusively since joining Twitter. Love the retweet with comment option.
"Smooth
It lifts! GS4
Takes care of all my Twitter accounts beautifully. Easy to keep up with all phases of my personality!!!
The app needs to be redo signed its slow and laggy.
Sadly very buggy in my second HTC One.  Multiple installs.
"Is it too much to ask for the notifications to work?! It is
"New clients show up others don't get updates. Yet
Decent app please fix the rate limit pop up it's so freaky annoying
Wish I could  rate it higher. But the current version is still broken and I have to reload earlier versions to use it.
wld hv given it another star if it  had in line browsing
This app is so much better than the regular Twitter app.
"Far better than Twitter app
It's the best twitter client but it only lacks classy colors themes
Would like to see larger picture preview otherwise a pretty good app.
Nice and user friendly twitter app
I personally prefer this to basic Twitter. Just like the look and find it clearer and easier to search and use. No problems with crashing ... Yet!!
I've using this and I like it. It's a door to a lame one way talking twitter
I like to use this app
Great app! But would be better if we could get notifications for new followers and who retweets our tweets. Samsung Galaxy S4  @msdiva404
Program was messing up a lot so I uninstalled it.After a few days put it back on the phone and once again it would post on Twitter. It really is my fave Twitter program
"What used to be a hot app is now clunky
Okay
Great app. Everything I want is right here. Kudos to One Louder.
"TweetCaster is currently the best Twitter app available on Android that has a good implementation of Lists.   I use Lists to follow along to different subjects
I would rate the app higher if it wasn't always force quitting on me for no reason besides that the app works perfectly fine//I rated it 5 stars this time cause after some updates this app has got much better
جدا
برنامج جميل بمعنى الكلمة
The best twitter app available. Use it non stop and will keep with it. Does everything I need perfectly.
Woke up today to find TweetCaster Pro refuses ('fails') to send every other tweet and/or RT. Not impressed at all. The app worked fine before this - how do I get the previous install back?!
Great app
I have a Note 3 and it keeps pausing after awhile of using it.
Best twitter app I ever used
Super slow. Uninstall and reinstall muuuuuch better. Back to #1
Coming from tweet deck on ios this app is not bad but not as smooth as tweet deck. Hate how links don't open  automatically but I guess that's not really a big deal.
Loads of great features and it's usability over the traditional twitter apk is just unbelievable.  I could never go back to the original after trying this.
I  just want a better navigation set up. Having to reach to the top left with one handed operation is difficult and same with other options like trends.. The need to be on the side bar or bottom of display.
Great app for twitter.  Use the pro version so that all my accounts can be used.
Great App! As a artist who likes to stay connected I love the features.
"My timeline position is not saved across devices
Cant even scroll through my timeline. This application has become horrible with recent updates. Very laggy and now a complete waste of time
Great app Great app #FAM @mik3Rivera @sharks4life408 Robstah_408 Great Great app!!!!
Best Twitter app I've found for multiple accounts and no adds. BUT hung on composing tweets after I tried one with 2 photos. Had to completely reinstall and not try that again.
Love it! A lot of features to work with and very efficient....
Love this app but I have only 1 problem with it....u cannot look through other ppls pics like the original twitter app...other than that 5/5
The same error is still from 2011 about rate but now is fixed
I love being able to have multiple accounts under one app.
"very useful tool
"I had 2 bring it down a star because the notifications have been going off like crazy when I click on links & go thru my custom follower lists. Am I the only 1 whose experiencing this problem?! Other than that
No option to set default browser or YouTube. Unintuitive.
"Would be more useful if they actually opened the tweet for which they notify. Otherwise
"I had enjoyed the free version so much that I opted to buy the pro version. Worked incredibly well
"Very rich in features with the exception of push notifications (those would be highly appreciated!) And I'd also appreciate more chances for personalization visually. However
awesome
"Extremely slow when it opens and then it doesn't respond. I used to recommend this app to anyone that asked. The recent updates haven't fixed any of the ""bugs"" I'm experiencing and I have lost my patience. Now I'm looking for a new app and will probably find one better for free because it doesn't take much. Congrats
"The only real disadvantages are the unavailability to see user's Twitter page view
Constantly force closes!!  Impossible to reply to tweets!!  Used to be a great app... what happened??
htc one m8
Hence Uninstalled
The whole app is very good but this version is slow and rubbish and always screen stops and lag..fix it quickly
What are you doing dev? It's sluggish and the app seems to drain memory more. Try harder!
"Now broken on my Nexus 7. App keeps crashing. Such a shame
"Even the paid-for version uses pop-up adverts. ""Post later"" feature is poorly-designed. UI is a bit crappy. Often shows tweets multiple times. Stick with the free version - this one's flaky.  ""New tweet"" crashes every time now. I'd love to know what OneLouder has done."
Would give it five stars if the performance was better. I have to uninstall then reinstall the app multiple times throughout the month because the tweeting process (composing a tweet) lags terribly. I also am experiencing a slower Timeline (this just began.)  not sure what happened.
Like
The best over all !! Even better than Tweetbot for iPhone !!!
"With all of these new updates
Love this app
يحتاج دعم كامل للغة العربية . و ما زالت الرسائل الخاصة للأسف لا تدعم ارسال الصور  ;(
Thanks making something great!
"I love this app
"Last 2 ""updates"" have rendered this app useless. Tweets don't send
"This app was amazing when I first got it. Now
The only twitter app I use
Tweetcaster I think is great app to use if ur new to twitter straight forward UI layout...
App was excellent until the last update. Now the widget is no longer re-sizeable and notifications are fully expanded. Please fix it
"I wish I could disable the splash screen
Better than Twitter's own app
"I previously gave TweetCaster a 5* review but have pulled it down to 3 due to the incessant buzzing if I take more than 10 seconds to view a picture
Issues where fired fixed! Now works great!
Opening a new tweet is starting to become a project by the time you want to tweet something and the new tweet window opens you forget what you want to send out it's that slow
Still broken & badly lagging after April 3rd update.     Latest update has made  it lag so badly after viewing an image & then returning to timeline.  Also now takes ages just to open up.
Easily the best twitter app out there. Been using it for years!
Easy to use and a great app
"All versions released from March 19 to April 1 crashed on start for me. Update from April 2 seems to have resolved issue. However
Was five stars before last update. That killed the apps ability to remember its place in my timeline. Even with the outside service engaged it doesn't work.
All my tweets are zipped and app just crashes.  Release management 101.
"Excellent app
"Speed
Love love love !!
Love this app.  It is so much better than the regular twitter app.
"Great app
Lags. UI is in need of an update. I've been using Tweetings as my go to cause it moves much faster and looks better with all the same features
I love this app.
"Since I last installed the app it has new modifications that I like 
I like it.
Been using for a long time n this is the first time TC dissapoint me. It keeps delaying my tweet. N it is still failed even though im using wifi
;-)
The nuts
Every time I try to post a photo I get a failed to upload photo msg. How's about fixing this as I did pay for this ap.
Continually freezes and takes forever to run. Used to be a great app.
"This is the best app that I used for Twitter
Unable to post tweets to Facebook. Can't see people in interactions. What's this fav star!? Why so complicated!!! This used to work beautifully.
"With the new update I receive notifications in my menu bar when I tweet
This is by far better than any twitter app I have ever had. 2 thumbs up
Easy & good to use. Many issues after updating & widget won't refresh. Wish there were more themes & nicer UI
I did. But it's gotten worse with every update. Slow. Have to try to post tweets multiple times before they would post. Not really multiple account friendly anymore in that regard either. Disappointing. And allowing us to make our own themes/wallpapers would be nice. Notifications don't work either. Needs a lot of work. Fix it and I'll reinstall it.
Love this app. Use it everyday. The only thing I dislike is u dont get a notification when someone follows you or doesn't show up whos followed u under @!
Very good app
Best of the best!
After using for 30 minutes or so I uninstalled my standard Twitter app. This is better. On phone or tablet.
Muito bom
Superb app great features and support
"This app makes Twitter so much more enjoyable
Most useful Twitter app I've ever used. Wish I could just click on tweets to see conversation instead of a menu but this is a small gripe against an otherwise excellent product
SGS3
Dynamic and flexible
"Everything works great
So many updates screw it up.
Tried lots... Keep coming back
Great app
Very Cool
Must have twitter app!
I have upgraded from S2 to S4 & have found I love Tweetcaster even more on a better phone. Seriously my most-used app. ☆☆☆☆☆
The best twitter app I've used.

Great app. It keeps getting better every major update. I use the Pro app. Best $4.99 I've spent. Being able to schedule tweets is my favorite feature and NO ADS is a major boost!
When I want to write a tweet it takes about 10/15 seconds for the screen to appear. Could be my phone (s4 mini)? Idk but it's interfering with my need for speed tweeting. Wasn't always like this.
"Tweetcaster is my preferred twitter app
No better Twitter app around.
"I used to love this app
Awesome
"This app seems to get slower with each update
"Had a problem with the widget

Feature loaded!

"but
جميل جدا
Great and useful
Superb Twitter client
"Why not give the option immediately upon clicking on a feed link to open in a different browser rather than take us to pathetic tweetcaster  browser and THEN making us open in a different browser?  Maybe make this a ""pro"" feature? Your browser is a waste of time and honestly seems like an afterthought on onelouder's part. 5 stars when you fix the browser or let me open links in my browser of choice immediately upon clicking.Main gripe about the browser is its slowness. Go for speed like chrome or dolphin."
I have used this app on two different devices and worked great on both. HTC Evo and Nexus 5. I haven't had problems of any kind


"Minus Twitpics

Don't look further
Won't upload pics...
"Stopped using it for awhile now
"Been having issues for months with opening tweetlongers. I emailed the company and they worked diligently
Best twitter client.

Absolutely love it
The best!!
Good functionality and UI
"After SEVERAL updates and three years using this app there has STILL been no change in this app. Still freezes
Very smart and friendly used.
"Only bad thing is you can't just one-click to see a link or check out an account's profile that is inside a tweet. Other than that

"the time line is  jumping alot
Perfect Twitter App... Without a doubt!
Great

Tried all the other apps but invariably returned to this.
It is funny and better than classic one
"Simply
love this app! great on kitkat! Matt m6ceb
This used to be my favourite Twitter client. Unfortunately I'm now finding that's it's really suffering from very serious lagging! I'm using a HTC One so it's not lack of processing power!
"The app works really well and has a ton of features
"Used to love this app
"Amazing on my tablet
The best and most aesthetically pleasing Twitter app on the market. Ability to turn off retweets of users in app. Worth the $$$.

Very nice app.
Great way to communicate with people you know and meet people you don't know
Love it.
I love this app. I would recommend it to anyone :D
Best Twitter App Hands down!!
This app has gotten verrrry heavy and although I understand the need to expand and have more and more features its also become quite laggy in its old age especially when dealling with multiple accounts
Great Twitter app.
Provides customization not available in the official Twitter app.

Best twitter app for Android !!
"The most complete and crash proof from all twitter apps that I have used. The UI can be better. For example the in-line picture can be bigger
Great app.
"Just updated to version 8.3. It seems that in this version
Fixed timeline position so back to 5 star
"I love this app but recently it's been crashing and takes forever to open and send messages. Almost all of the time it says I can wait or close program but then it never works if you wait. Please fix this bug
I love how easily you can navigate the app & it is so simple to use!
This WAS my favorite multi platform app. No longer posts to Facebook.  Every update gets worse.  Think it's time to move on...

Keeps getting better and better
"It'd be nice if it was smart enough to queue tweets to send when data is available
What twitter should be.
My favorite twitter app.
"Ever since the 8.2 update the screen blanks repeatedly out on my Samsung galaxy tab
"One of the reasons with which I was able to convince myself to pay for this was because of the promised push notifications. I don't see any. I'm willing to revise my rating if they fix that in the next update. For the meantime
"When going to the timeline avatar picture show up
This IS the best twitter/Facebook app around and has been for many years. It's affordable and I MUST have it on any phone I have.
I am running android 4.4 on a nexus 7 2nd generation. Since the last update the screen goes blank often. I paid for this app so fix it! Update: 8.2 update still hasn't fixed the issue.
Working great for me. This apps is great.
"Becomes irresponsive regularly. New Tweets counter sometimes appears post factum
"Much
easy and simple for everyday.
Themes have improved my tweeting experience. Multiple accounts are handled well. Solid and reliable.
"Man
"Even if you UNCHECK the Follow OneLouder box
Best Twitter app i found by far follow me if ya feel like it
"Great app
Great App with a lot of useful features
Keeps force closing
Love it.  It's addicting.  More features than access through the web.  Enough said.
I never tweeted until I started using the app !
Now it seems like the dev has forgotten about the big percentage of gingerbread users. Purchased the full version to have the app force close every time I want to tweet using the widget and the horribly long delay in opening the app. Used to be a once great app for Twitter but now more time is spent waiting for force close
This issue came after last update its auto exit .l am on miui rom Htc one
Doesn't show tweets / timeline unless you scroll. Doesn't return to top of timeline unless you manually scroll all the way up. Slow to respond. Not good at all now!
"This is a fantastic app

It had been doing well for such a long time and then it started to lag. Now it opens up and all you see is the bird and no timeline. I hope they resolve this issue soon.
"Keeps getting better
Easy to use
"My favorite Twitter app. Interface isn't ideal on my phone but
"Perfect twitter app. If not for twitters limitation
"Plays instagram and vine videos

Lots of useful functions.
not impressed
Excellent app. Works better than any other Twitter app and great support.

Just installed on new phone. Direct Messages will not clear after initial tutorial. It still has the total count listed. Please fix! I've always wanted G+ integration. Please make it happen!
"Very slow
"I have been using this app forever
I don't really know how or why but with every update they seem to spoil it. I have paid for it and on the whole I like it but it crashes regularly on both my Moto G and HTC One. I wonder how badly this would perform on an older device. Devs be advised not everyone has that latest quad core 1.5Ghz+ cutting edge device.
It's everything you need plus things you didn't know you needed.
I really like it!! On my phone and tablet. Great app.  Lenovo tablet Moto x phone
"When going to view someone's profile
The pro is better (pink too)updating and upgrading.
Very good App.

"The interface is getting old
"Screen goes blank
"Still sticks at the Tweetcaster logo screen when opening (more regularly) and now the app crashes when I try to pull to refresh. Also tapping the column tile no longer jumps to the top of the feed. Used to be great
"Latest update has ruined it. Difficulty refreshing
Its a good app byt evrytime I opened it starts at the last tweet posted not at the last tweetd I viewed.  Its annoying cause I missed all the previous tweets that I didnt see. Please fix that
"Only complaint is that the widget does not display picture preview in tweets
Overall well done app. Use it all the time. Has some great features the Twitter app does not.
"These Updates Have Been The Worst
Cool app much better than the twitter app itself.
I've used them all
Always scrolls to the top straight away now. Can't find the last tweet you read.  Makes it absolutely useless
"Simple design
what happened to remembering the position?
Would be five star but feed position is not remembered with latest update
Hands down this is the best twitter app
After updating it doesn't remember my feed position anymore.
"This was one of the best tweeter apps out there.   I have a Samsung Galaxy Note 3
"Since the update
"doesn't refresh
"The best Twitter client out there
"Used to be okay
من افضل برامج تويتر على نظام الاندرويد
The best
No comparison
"Can't see who favorites tweets without browser. Since update
Latest update is a total bugfest on my Nexus7 2013. Clicking on user name now opens profile which totally screws app. Gone from best app to unusable. Please fix this.
Why away automatic close?
"Have used a number of other apps
Love It
"Like the ""zip"" feature. Like that it can sync position with iOS version. Does streaming. Very reliable. Only wish is that it would inline images from Flickr."
Great app
Nice just wish I could copy/paste text.
Outstanding App! I use it on all my devices.
"Your money on this app. Just get the free app. I originally gave this app give starts
Best twitter so app
The best Twitter app.
It's my favorite app. Second to none.  Smart filter is such a key feature
Good
"Has gotten really
The only Twitter client I want to use
"I tried using this for a couple of days
used to be a perfect app. Now it's worthless..
Does everything you want a twitter app to do.
Favorite twitter app for Android
"The most recent updates have been awful. App hangs tweeting pics
Eye catching design on screen. Always connect even if the network signal is poor.
No problems for me on this app. I used the free one loads so decided to buy it.
"This is really a good application
App still doesn't notify me of DMs or mentions properly. I will be lucky to get one through every few months.
"Have tried other Twitter apps but came back to this one and have purchased the pro edition
Does everything I want quickly and easily.
Super slow frequent errors crash after crash
Much better than the twitter app for android that just doesn't work
I've tried all the others and this is the best.
Great
Love this so much better than the original version of twitter!! More tweet options and personalization options!👍
"In terms of features
Really great
Great app 😎
This app used to be so great. The more people I follow the more the feed lags or freezes. It often stops responding and has to be closed.
Reminds me of sliced bread
It won't signinto twitter even tho my details are correct!
In my opinion this is the best app for tweeter. Cool design and powerfull tool for tweet-time
It just forcloses alot
"I have 'custom notifications' turned on
nice and very good
Good
Great app Needs to update regularly.
The only way to tweet
"It takes too long for things to load. For example
Use on both my Android devices - looks great and performs great.
Interactions yes!!!!  please!!!!!
"Tried many when I was looking for a good app
Would work perfect if it didn't freeze when its updating new tweets. It also freezes when trying to send a new tweet.
"Great app
Best app for twitter love it
By far the best twitter app out there.
I love it
Its good but it needs an update I dnt get notifications on mentions I sometimes get em on new tweets but its real sporadic it works when it wants sluggish theres a delay in composing new tweets & in them posting
"Nothing but ""protocol error 404"" these past few weeks.  Useless app.  Downloading other app.  Galaxy Note 2"
Dopo l'adattamento a ICS il miglior client twitter per Android. Per ora almeno...
"Nothing like staring at the bird for 30 seconds while nothing happens. If i don't get that I'll get the  ""This app isn't responding message"" every third or fourth time I try to use the app. Often closes for absolutely no reason.  More often than not its simply unresponsive until I finally give up.   Shall I go on???"
Love it
"Crashes during every single action.  Crashed during composition
"What happened to the tweetcaster pro widget it disappeared on my galaxy note 2
Does exactly what it says on the tin
Superb! Thank you.
"Good app. Love the scheduled tweets. Also lists. Haven't found another good twitter app that does it well. Wish the interface followed Google's Holo design guidelines. Docked a star for that. Otherwise
Much better than any other app. Doesn't use much memory and doesn't slow phone down
Bought 4 twitter clients.  This is the best among those for tablet.
ve the app...does everything I need it to
Recommend it
Why is there double comments sent to FB when linked?
Best Twitter client ever.
The best.
Every useful inconvenient app
Nice app
Great so far
My fave twitter client!!  Maurice Washington
UI could be better
I have used it for several years and never have had problems.  I just never got around to rating it.
"Great app much better than Twitter app.  UPDATE: Don't like the popup ads on the paid version
Take a bit of time to get used to the interface and this twitter app isn't half bad. Still a little messy and sluggish at times but there aren't many better than this for tablets in my opinion.
sometimes stopped and not speed enough when open
This has been the best program I've ever used for Twitter. Tech support is quick and helpful.
"Tweetcaster is awesome
This is the BEST Twitter client ever!
Best ever
"My favorite Twitter app for Android.  Fun UI
Just the best tweeter client as far so do not hesitate to buy
Update issues
Awesome
"I'm on Twitter all the time and am always looking for the most efficient
Great app.
I like it…
My favorite social application. An excellent adjunct to Twitter itself. Highly recommended.
Great app I love it : )
I really like the official Twitter app but it takes more resources than I like. Tweetcaster is probably the best Twitter app with lower resource requirements.
Love it Love the app but lets try a new look
Much preferred to the official twitter app.
Nothing comes close. The brwy
Excellent. I love it.
Extremely slow
App keeps getting hung up when composing new tweet.  Updates timeline perfectly.   Used to love this app
My favorite app for twitter but it seems to be getting slower by the day. If I click to read a link or see a pix it takes over 30 seconds to go there and 30 seconds to come back.
Nice
Since weeks ago the app runs very very very slow. Yesterday I installed JellyBean 4.3 and today the app was so slow than ever before.
"Great app
It's excellent.
I just love this application.
Love it!
"It's one of the best
I'm no longer able to see thumbnails or avatars..
After trying more paid Twitter clients than I should have; I decided I like this one best.
Sometimes it stops for no reason.
"Love the latest functionality improvements
I got a problem loading the profile of an active user I followed after she reactivated her account.
Love this app!
Zip it is the greatest
Best twitter client period
Love it! Especially like the interactions feature.
Best app for Twitter!
I love love love this app. Had to buy the Pro version.
I took 2 stars away ncause this app is very slow and takes forever to open and for you to send a tweet....fix the issue and I'll give the stars back.
Above par Twitter app. Far superior to Peep included on the HTC Incredible.
I love this app and fixed old issues but now it is extremely slow to open and tweet it takes thirty secs to open I had to download another app I might have to unistall
The best twitter app I've used.
Thank you
Great app!
Works great and have good themes.   Has the future of sending long tweet through tweetlonger or multiple tweet s.  Has unique feature of scheduling tweets.
"I never miss a Tweet with it. Even after 24 hours
Better than official app!
The app Works great!  R.I.P Nelson Mandela
"Ok
Great app for tweeters. Only drawback? No backup option in case you wipe your phone
"The best twitter app! However
"I've tried several other Twitter apps
Love this app!
Love this app
I love this application!
Just about perfect ;)
Great
"What can I say 
LOVE IT
works flawlessly
Nice!
This format is much easier to work with. It's made using Tweeter fun again. I also enjoy changing the colors. Thank you Tweeter.  I have a Samsung Galaxy S4 and so far there have no issues.
Easy to use.
Works great on all my devices.
Stable and fast. Beautiful UI
Since upgrading to Nexus 5 this app no longer works. Just shows splash screen. Never gets any further than this.
Better than any other Twitter app
Best twitter app  for android period!!
It's a feature packed twitter app that works well for the most part. A few things such as not seeing who RT what or favorites your posts is a Minor annoyance but what really grinds my gears is how slow it is and laggy at times. When you want to post it takes a good 5 seconds before the compose pops up sometimes the screen stays stuck on the splash screen or just lags out when sending. A shame because it definitely is a very good app but these shortcomings make me just want to use the official twitter app
Way better than Twitter app. It's a lot smaller too. My favorite and worth every penny!
Blows away the rest by far...full featured and great looking. Twitter's own offering is the poor cousin in comparison!
"Love it
Excellent tweeter
Good overall
Like the design and the themes. But most I like the Readability integration. On a smartphone that is bloody brilliant!
l Like It
"It seems that every other update breaks the app. The scrolling on the phone version stops working properly. When I launch the app
Great...nice...and thanks!
crashes on my nexus 7 when I try to reply or retweet
Works perfect and the features are dope ! Cool ape .
Every time I send a DM or switch profiles it crashes.
"Using this because Twitter's own app is a hot mess. But this isn't that much better. You can't see who starred you
TwitterCaster is better than Twitter. Like it!!
Live search little slow but good app overall. Always switching between this and Plume. Would be nice if it's more accurate on nearby tweets.
"This is one app that I'm sorry I paid for. Constant hangs
Love it
But far this is the best Twitter app.
The auto update only works when it feels like it. There are times when I won't get an update alert for a day or 2 and then it updates I have no choice but to skip a ton of tweets just to get current. Makes it hard to justify keeping this app installed.
can you make more themes ? its so dull..
It is cool app but sometimes crashed suddenly.
Super functionality
Very good app.
"Constantly telling me when i go in the no host and something bout no api address... also
Great app!!
"I have tried a few apps for Twitter
Better than all the rest -  having tried everything else there's nothing to compare with  it.
Great app. Excellent UI
Works well on the note 2. A heavy app but great search function makes it really useful
Nothing compares to you!!!
Great! Cool app
"Not many Twitter apps left
Buying the pro version is a no-brainer. Do it!
See above
Best yet
Used to be my favorite because of the features but it's so ugly..
If it was not for this app I would not be in tune with Twitter I would be so lost
My favorite Twitter app. Lots of features that regular Twitter doesn't have.
Works perfect
My favorite
Continued efforts to better it all the time... I've tried others but have given up. I always come back to this app!
Best Twitter app period.
Works great  no problems
Best Twitter app I've found.
افضل برنامج تويتر.. سريع وخفيف وفيه ميزات عديدة..
"Excellent software that keep you connect with friends
The latest updates bog down my Galaxy S3.
Sweet
Much better than stock or any other Twitter app I've come across
Love love  this app...easy to use.
Coming from a long time Tweetbot experience in iOS this one is best for me.
Great app with a nice price for ad removal.
I like the layout of the tablet version over the phone version.
Fav Twitter app use it all the time
After my switch from iOS to Android I needed something to replace tweetbot and this fit the bill perfectly
Love everything about it.
Woah! Everything you can think of when it comes to simplifying and organizing all of those tweets! So easy to group things and I love the menu options which allow you to move through the web of followers/following people.  Great up!
Simply awesome
"This app has been around for several years
This twitter client is by far the easiest and best!!!!  Great job
Like the nearby status!
It works better than the original Twitter app because you can post to Facebook at the same time. It also has a web browser built in to make it easy to view links.
Seriously?  I pay for an ad-free pro version and you still show ads when switching between Twitter accounts. Get rid of this and I give you 5 stars again.
Awesome app again after update
"Can somebody help me
"Won't stream tweets. Horrible lag. Try to refresh the tweets
"Powerful! Really powerful! You can edit lists
Completely amazing
"Loved the free
"After trying just about every Twitter client out there I kept coming back to this one for my Note 2. Clean
Keeps crashing.Slow to load.Not impressed.
Does what it says it will do.
Best twitter app
Awesome!!! Great app.
It's not chick feed?
Hands down. This APP does it all in twitterland. Worth buying.
Fantastic Twitter app. Must have app (all problems with 4.1 are fixed in 4.2). 100% worth the money. Could be the best Twitter client for
Thank you for fixing timeline issues!  Samsung Galaxy S3 - CleanRom 7
This new update today screwed up something. Every time I launch an app I get notification that you have reached your limit for this action. Try after blah blah time. Ps fix this!
One of the best twitter apps
"How
Tweetcaster Pro has become my primary Twitter interface.  The features and ease of use has made me a more active tweeter.  Great work!
Works as described on the tin.
I bought the Pro version as I loved the free one but didn't like the banner ads. As of recently the Pro version occasionally starts to show ads when in portrait mode on my Nexus 10 tablet. Please fix! After the fix I can increase my rating again.
Simply the best. None of its competitors gets even close.
I love this app so much. It's user friendly.  No hassle.
Used to be my favorite Twitter app but no longer tells me who retweeted or favorited my tweets. And to think I paid for a lesser quality app....
"Ok since the last update when it refreshes it jumps straight to the top of the screen
Excellent
"The readability sometimes messes up
Therevis some issue with softwer it is closed some time when i try to moveing up or down
"Years ago this was my faaavooritte app
"Best app for Twitter
"Since I updated
Great ap
Its really amazing..I like it.
Setting a schedule for Tweets needs added!
Not good right now fix issues
I have a couple strange things  happening on my phone.  Better than the twitter app.
With the new update its locking up my timeline.
Comment/reply box takes ages to appear. Now timeline very slow about 59mins behind...  Older versions much better!
I've tried lots of Twitter clients but this one combines tons of powerful tools with an uncluttered design and support for phones and tablets. Not as pretty as newer competitors like Carbon or falcon pro but way more usable.
Just great work here
Improved!
I use to use it constantly!  It freezes very much and its slow! Please fix! Galaxy note 2
I enjoy using this more then Twitter or Tweetcaster.
Perfect
"The new interface is ugly. You tried to make it looks cool and fancy but you failed
Should I go on?
مب ازين من تويت بوت او تويتلوجيكس
Best Twitter app!!!!
I've been on twitter for 4 years now and tweetcaster has been the best twitter app. Never let me down.
"Not fast like other apps
I hate watching a youtybe video through this. Make it so I can turn that option off. I can't rate or read comments while watching
"This recent upgrade was the last straw
Baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaad
Wish it wouldn't lag as much
The app crashed too many times in 5 seconds!!!
"Plz
"I definitely will use
Best twitter app!
"I paid for this and every time it starts it shows ads at the bottom of the screen
"Great job for fixing the problems we highlighted
"The app is not designed to work well on tablets. There is no clear way to find out whether a tap on the tweet will invoke the list of replies to that tweet or it will invoke the menu. More often
I would like to see a option for color tweet box like your tweets and replies that you can set that coincides with people you follow that also follow you. So that way you can follow your friends better instead of setting everyone with the little color bar on the side.
using galaxy s4
Please add retweets to mention list and notification
"Crashed when i'm scroll faster up2down using my best theme "" classic dark """
All that's missing from this app is an auto expand feature for shortened tweets
"Haven't seen a full screen ad in a while
Awesome
Love tweetcaster
Its work great majority of the time. Its just been a few times where it didn't want to refresh my timeline
Best twitter app in the play store.
"Takes me to newest tweet since this update
Please bring back the interactions button immediately
Best twitter app ever
thanks
The best Twitter app out there...!
Has the features I need and looks great too.
"Wish it handled push notifications
Way better than standard Twitter!
Nice app! Works well
I can't post any tweets it's been over a month!! Fix it!! I paid good money for this crap
"Not too excited about the design
"I loved Tweetcaster so much
Nice n smooth.
Best I've seem out there so far
Nothing much 2 say except I like!!!
"I used to love this app now it sucks! Super slow and forces closed before and/or after every action. Won't refresh tweets either. I'm deleting tweetcaster
Great app. Love everything about it.
Receive Notifications with out refresh. Which kills battery
"Good all around usage
Great app
Tek kelimeyle harika.arayüz değişikliği olsa daha iyi olacak.
Would get a 5 but won't support smileys on note 3.android pro widgets does as does ubersocial. There's always a flaw with these apps.frustrating
Beats the original app hands down!
"I have tried many 3rd party apps for Twitter and I feel most at home with Tweetcaster. And oh
"I would definitely prefer a cleaner UI design
Awful tweetmarker support.   Randomly scrolls.   Clumsy UI.   Use the regular twitter client rather than paying for this junk.  Oh and they don't respond to support requests.
"Alot of options
"The notifications on the Samsung S4 never come through to my phone. If a user deletes a tweet it still shows it as posted
Works well on my droid fone.
I paid for it thinking the app will improve but it still says not responding everyday that I open it
"Except I can't add new followers from email
Really nice app .
Bang tidy!
I'd like if it showed on others profiles if they followed me.
It's great.  Download it
Can't say better things about this app.
"After weeks of trying
The best app for Tweeter
Love it like it.
Great app!
Awesome app
"Excellent app
The app suddnly shoutdown
Nice app
"Its way better then the twitter app although sometimes it can be a little buggy and force close but in all
May be my phone but had the exact lg optimus s before never force closed but.over all best twitter alt to the actual app
I have tried multiple Twitter apps and this is the best. Most features.
Good
Not bad not bad at all
There is a GPS issue with this.  Cannot post if using gps coordinates.
Best twitter app ever..
I just wish I could disable the mention and my own tweet colors like the iOS version is capable of. Other than that it's great!
The best app for twitter
IMobile IQX2 has got problems in refreshing the tweets and the app always shut down T-T
Gives you the flexibility Twitter app lacks. Love it!
luv the format. smart n fun design with gr8 functionality.
No problems at all
Using nexus 7 and am getting this error...unable to load tweetcaster pro.  Who can help?
I love tweetcaster its the best twitter app around.
Love the look and ease of use. It's just pipped Plume as my Twitter app of choice at the moment. Easier to find options ... and quicker to sign out when I don't want a drain on my battery or data usage.
Great app
Every time they update this application there is a problem with uploading attachments.
Superb!
"Ease of use
This is definitely my Go-To twitter app. Love the fluidity and features.
The gd app is Rude! Uninstalling.
The Copy-Paste update made me go back to an older version
Unable to post tweets or retweet with comment since most recent update. I get a message saying invalid...error 404 PLEASE FIX
"Great app
Just comply to the way Google wants their apps to be. You can still keep all functionality. If Apple told you to you would do it smh
Since latest update I cannot tweet or retweet on my S4!!
The features are good! Makes it easy to tweet. However there is a sligh delay when tryin to reply or tweet in general
Excellent tool if you're right into twitter :)
Not bad..
My favourite twitter app
"The app it self is great 
Amazing tweeter app
I get error message while loading my avatar 404
"Goof app made even better
"This is easily my favorite Twitter app and I have been using it for years but with the new update it won't let me tweer with my location on. Even when my gps is enabled I get a pop saying ""invalid coordinates"" I've never had this problem before. Please fix it"
Need to imrove UI
The easiest for Twitter.
Excellent... 🙌
They ruined a great app. Don't update. When viewing images in the gallery the app freezes. The swipe feature is a good idea but causes my GS4 to lock up. Fix this please.....
Please add a theme that isn't so cartoonish. Everything else is just perfect.
Much better than the Official Twitter app
Can't say enough amazing things about this app! Been using the pro version on my tablet & phone for years now! Hook me up One Louder with an iOS pro code! just got an iPod! :)
Best Twitter app!!!!
Great App
Followers and following won't show up for me when I try to view it for anybody.
"I did not like it at all
"Paid $10 for tweetcaster pink and it looks just like the regular version!  Got refund
This used to be my favorite app. Was 5 stars but this double tweet bug is unacceptable and has gone on too long! Moving on to Falcon Pro..
Slow and leggy on Nexus 4 :-(
App is good...but what's the deal with the double tweets showing in the timeline?  Kind of annoying....can we get a fix please.
"Awesome app
I thought it's like the tweet bot in the ios  But T_Cacter is seems like any other free app I don't  recommend it at all
Love it!
"Used to be an awesome app for twitter. Has become very buggy. Posts tweets  twice in TL. Very slow and choppy. When choosing a TL post to retweet
Love it
Enjoy using this app.
The absolute best Twitter app anywhere! 5 stars!
Needs an update it freezes a lot and I'm getting double post when I tweet
What is developer email pls? Cant change edit. profile..advice? New user~ ♡ jul
No problems good app for Twitter. Worth the price.
برنامج رائع جداً. وافضل برنامج استخدمه للتويتر. ان شاء الله يحسنون بعض التعليقات Its my main twitter app and it's a must buy app if u r using twitter a lot. I hope..  they  fix battery drain ill rate it 5 if they do t
Only thing would make it better is more beautiful themes or skins. Even widget is lovely.  Also I'm seeing my posts as a double currently. Not a big deal but I did think I was double posting so deleted and lost entire tweet.
"Overall really good
In terms of functionality it's great but I still get ads and this is not acceptable. Uninstalled.
It just needs larger image preview too small it's an inconvenience to open every picture just to see it..  JLB
Good enough
Terrific app
Best twitter application around!  Samsung Galaxy S4
افضل برنامج تويتر بلا منازع
Cool App
Best Twitter app I've used by far!
"Smooth system
"Every time I send out a Tweet
Now hate it. Posts my tweets twice and no reply from support. Please fix!
This app is so smooth great :-)
"Each time there's an update
worth paying the extra few pounds for to get rid of the ads you get on the free version. no problems whatsoever :) easy to use and I would choose this over the twitter app for android any day.
Excellent app for tweeting and loaded with options wish it were lighter tho
Nothing is different from the free app...stole our money having us think it was better and different.what a joke
Recommended suprising how better this is than anything else. Get it!
Completely unnecessary spam especially in a paid app.
Double posts in TL since last update.
Will no longer open since last update.  S4. When it works its great. 5 stars when it actually opens
"I like the look & feel of this app & I would rank 5 star IF all of my posts didn't display twice (they don't actually post twice but they do display twice on my feed) & if I could see a person's pics (not the ones in the feed
What's with the 'Top Apps' ads? I thought thus version was ad-free. :-(
Its easy enjoying to use  Thank you
"Sending double tweets
I cannot change my AVI please fix it!!!!!! I am tired of this app having problems it seems like every new update there is a problem
I can't change my Avi. I can change my header but not my Avi pic.
"Crashes ALOT and always laggy. Note 10.1
The best by far.
how about an interface to google translate..
"Having issues loading more tham 10-15 tweets at a time plus my timeline is jumpy
Good Its str8!
I've loved this app for years!
"Keeps crashing since last update. Please fix
EVERYTIME I Tweet it shows up twice on my TL n that is irritating....Please look into this issue
I love this app but am constantly getting double postings now!
"There's a bug. Whenever I post a tweet or a reply
"I use to LOVE this app and recommend it to everyone I possibly could. Somewhere within the last couple of updates it's became real unstable. Force closes all the time and doesn't tweet ny scheduled tweets anymore. Use to be my favorite twitter app
There is a problem when i open the app its closed
Please quit updating!
Better than Twitter's app.
"Paid version
Love tweetcaster. Especially now that I don't have to worry about ads. Haven't had any problems thus far.
Why is it this paid version is worse than free ones? Only no ads? This sucks
Love tweetcaster!!! Just need the Zip it function to work again
I ♡ TweetCaster Pro best twitter app on tha Android market (Galaxy S4)
Only twitter app I use. I love it. So easy and live the Zip feature.
Nothing more to add really.
I have used em all and its the best hands down.
MUCH BETTER than the standard Twitter client
Nice fun app
Crashes alot
It's a pretty gd app but it keep doubling my tweets. Smh
"Double posts in timeline 
Great twitter Client
"Very good. A few annoying flaws: (1) posts appear double in gS3
Meets my needs and then some. Simple to use and thats a plus for me. Recommended!
Great Twitter client. Would be perfect if it had a full screen widget. Hope dev adds one.
Tweetcaster is very buggy on my S3!
Its good but it needs some improvement
The only reason I would give this app is because I don't get notifications when someone retweet or follow me. Add this features please
Use to love the app but now it keeps crashing and force closing.
"Highly recommend it. Only negative is I still get twitter time outs on the paid version
It is nice
The internal interface for internet usage on this app absolutely sucks. It has stopped working completely i'd rather it re-route me to my stock browser like it used to as opposed to this faux internet setup the app uses... almost time to get a diff twitter app. Sadly i paid for this one Samsung Galaxy 3
Easy and Good
"If love twitter
"This was really good initially
Well worth going pro.
I find Tweetcaster really good for daily use. It's easy to navigate functionality is easy-to-use and poses very little in the way of problems.
Notifications just don't work!
Some lag here and there and once in a while it likes to scroll back down to older posts. All in all a solid app I would choose over others.
Locks up my phone.
It was a good enough app for me to go from free version to Pro.
Outstanding app except for the ads and the price to remove them seemed reasonable to me
Does it all and does it well!
"If you're going to charge for an app
My posts show as double and I can't use the take a picture function for attachments without it causing the app to close itself out.
I love it
Notifications are coming slow and post are showing up twice! Please fix
Great
"After enjoying this app for some time now it has recently became very buggy. Notifications don't work on HTC One
Always works well and simple to use! :)
it's not working ..always crash  Htc one
I'm getting double tweets when I post.  But I do love the Retweet with comment.
Good app!
"everything is ok
Lots of great features
I like the fact I can keep my business and personal twitter on the same app
Why it appears double in my timeline when I tweet? And the notifications are way too slow. Fix this please
Purchased pro version coz I need to use this without advertisements. Best app ever for tweeting. Still I love it. Coz of its simplicity
Very good
Love this twitter app! Nothing beats it
Loved it before I had to log onto facebook to post a photo. Keep them seperate. Looking elsewhere now...
Thus app is way better than the original twitter.  I have tried almost every twitter app there is but I keep returning.
Woth the 5 bucks to upgrade.. best twitter client out there
Totally brilliant app! Much nicer to use than any other I've tried and packed with great features. 6 out of 5
Customization is great and easy and fun to use.
The most important option in this App is Interaction option but it doesn't existing now.  Please fix it and return it back. Thx
"When I tweet with mix of arabic words
Love it
"Running sooooooo better
Good
Always come back to this app. Left for carbon for a bit but so much better this app. Left cause got tired of same thing. More themes id give 5 stars!
Putrid on tablets.
"zip it
"I've waited for a long time assuming that eventually an update will fix the problem. No improvement at all
The most peaceful app  Great
It has really taken me too long to figure things out. I eish they had better notifications.
"I'm having to clear cache and force stop so much these days because of searches not loading
"Dont like it
Make picture change able too use whole picture instead of cropping it & more theme options
Like the new colors and the new setup and I now have more options.
*Start up App.. still slow *Need Tweet press and tweets like official Twitter App * Bubbles Theme bubble colour must be changeable
Best twitter app I've ever use.
"Best twitter app
The FaceBook add on is glitchy though.
But how do you tell who is following you?
Have found this app to be ahead of its rivals in functionality and ease of use.
Love this app!!!!!!!
Don't know why I waited so long with inferior Twitter clients and ads. This is well worth the 3 quid.
Very stable and easy to learn. I like it and recommend it
I LOVE .
The best app for twitter..nice layout
Love it
Poor app
It wonderful program Easy to use I advise every one to use it
Best twitter app
احلي شي
"pleas try to fix it 
Has so many helpful things to make Twitter work great
"After the update to my mobile to 4.2.2
"A easy to use
"Functional
No complaints!
One of the apps that suits my needs.
It is a very good and nice application for Twitter! It helped me a lot.
One of the best app in the market.. But after the last update copying tweet are not working fine but still the best for tweeters.And the app is freeze all the time plz.  fix it.
Fast and smooth
Works nice app recommended
This app is amazing. (:
I bught the pro its the best  prigram I use it for my galaxy for iohone I use tweetbot the best.
Excellent
This app WAS my favorite. Now it crashes and lags HORRIBLY everytime I open it. Its unusable. What happened? Samsung g3
Beautifuly designed but you can't use it for more than 5 minutes without crashing
"There are a lot of twitter apps out there
Better than twitter
Can't use it at all with CyanogenMod 10.1 on galaxy S3. Constant forced close. Tried every thing clear cache and data. Uninstall and reinstall. Sad I liked it but have to look for alternative.
vgood
"Love the app
Keep it this way
Does everything I need it to with no fuss. Good customisation options too.
The most comprehensive twitter client I've ever used.
I got the paid version with No advertisement
"Why you guys cancelled the refresh all button? This button was a good tool to clean those ""cached deleted tweets"" from my timeline"
Upgraded to PRO and haven't looked back! Fast! Efficient! Just a great app
Its good
It's my go to app.
شغال تمام مع اس فور اروع برنامج مر علي لتويتر
Fix it. Now.
"Awesome app
"Absolutely top of the list. Tweetcaster
freezing & force close :(
"Go Pro
I have tried several Twitter clients on my Galaxy S 3 and this is the best.
Easy to use
Excellent
Only app for Twitter I will use. The best!!
It is the only Twitter client I would use.  Fantastic!
"Since last update
For months my app has been crashing. I've done everything to try & fix issue. I hate I can't give a negative rating. I can't believe I paid for this crappy app. Free version was perfect upgraded to pro and now I wish I hadn't. Don't waste your money!
من أفضل برامج تويتر في الأندرويد
Great
"I like zipping and especially the overlay of account images for retweets. The free version's ads however were quite annoying
Glad the bugs are fixed
After trying several Twitter apps. this is the one for me.
"Slow and unresponsive. Constant force close and black screens and freezes. Had to turn off live streaming so it would not freeze up as much. Transitions usually take 5 secs or so. As much as this app costs
"Why doesn't tablet pro version (Note 8) have multiple display options like mobile pro version? Other than that
Love it!!! Best app I've tried so far. I've been very happy with the pro version.
Lame.
I started with app left to try others then came back and it is clearly the best one.
Thumbs up
I would like to be able to retweet with a comment on any tweet. Other apps allow but I do love this application
Way better than Twitter!!!  Gracias
Top twitter app IMO. Great options and customizations.
Well done for restoring the Interactions facility
No complaints.
"Can't see who favorites my tweets
Best by far
5 stars for bringing back the interaction option.
This is probably the best twitter app on Android been using a while and have found nothing else even close to being as good.  There is one bug on the app currently it show's my own tweets twice at times.
Love it!!
"Sometimes it freezes
"Quite expensive for a twitter client
"Most reliable
It's a quite good app. The read marker is still a little wacky though.
Best Twitter app!
Responsive developers a bonus.
Now that interaction are back. I expect more improvement .. such as reduce of lag and stability.   Overall 5 stars.
Everytime a new feature gets added the app gets slower and lags
After that increadible update ... it is perfect now and worth to earn 5 stars :)
The best Twitter  app that i have found.
"Best twitter app out there. Whatever you want of features
So you're back to 5 stars. My only Twitter client.
Just about the best client available
This app need more customization period great app but this is droid i should be able to change everything
A few kinks but overall a great app. Slow at times but could be my phone.
When can we buffer retweets directly? I want that feature really really bad! :-) Awesome job!
"After Falcon Pro locked me out due to the incompetent developer resetting the API keys constantly and blocking people who paid for his app
"The constant force close
"Easy to use.  Nice additions
Enjoyed the free version so much I had to purchase it. Galaxy S IV
"I have previously rated the free version
Best twitter app.
How can u give a bad rating if they had no choice in taking off the interactions feature. It isn't there fault and shouldnt get a bad review or rating because of it.
Keeps crashing all the time on my Galaxy S4!!
I liked the free version and just upgraded to pro. Definitely worth the five bucks. No ads and a dark back drop. Perfect for me. I love the zip feature so I don't have to see spoilers for my favorite books or shows. Readability makes viewing links easier when I have time. Definitely superior to the Twitter app.
"Nexus7 Hardly ever opens
Easy-to-use
The person who decided to get rid of the interaction tab should be fired! Why would you get rid of the interaction tab on a social networking site ... where people interact : /
Upgrading does nothing. I LITERALLY GAVE THEM MONEY FOR ADVERTISING TO ME.
"It refuses to become obsolete... This veteran
The best. Thank you.
Very good twetter app but crashes too much and the tablet version doesnt open on my galaxy tab 10.1	Not very good
Great!
Can you please give us who payed for the app the option to turn off the startup screen. I don't want to have to see the startup screen every time I open the app.
"Great app for those who love to tweet. However with the recent departure of the 'interactions' button you can't easily see who's followed
Hand Down the best twitter app I ever used.
My fave app
Bring it back asap please.
I use this every day brilliant app..A++++
Been using the Pro version for a while now and love it. Zip option is awesome. Took a couple of hrs to work out but now im a pro. LOVE THE APP!
"I like how TweetCaster embeds image previews in each tweet
Excellent
Twitter client of choice without doubt. Excellent.
Tried pretty much every Twitter app out there. Always come back to Tweetcaster.
If ever you wanted to pay for good software just to support good software this is it.  Best twitter client ever.
Where the hell did the interaction bar go?!?!?!?! Stupid!!!!!!!!
"Sure enough this is a good app
Even better than the previous tweetcaster. The best twitter app out there!
I like it. Easy to use and pretty much has everything you need.  I find the notifications a little slow to come through at times.
"Ever since the update its a piece of crap
Love it
"I paid for the interaction feature
Dont know why its crashing all the time on my HTC One.
It's ok
Taking the interactions option makes me want to find a new app. Please bring it back. Please.
It seems to do everything I want.
"Other than rare glitches
"Interactions are not allowed in any Twitter apps now due to Twitter changing the API. This is not the fault of the dev. It is twitter trying to migrate people back to their own app (which is the only app now allowed the interactions). Just check Tweetings and Falcon
I've been using Tweetcaster for over a year and I still love using it!
Works better than my old phone use to black out
Gone now? Really? Uninstalled
Great app!
"App used to have 5 stars until my interactions failed to load and it stopped letting me tweet pictures. No idea as to what happened
Any link I click tries to get to the the browser but crashes back to Tweetcaster.
"After being able to use it
No other can compare!
I only bought this app because it was the only decent app where you could also see interactions and now you can't. Safe to say I'm uninstalling.
Can't load pics and interactions doesn't work
You've seriously got to fix this issue.
Was the best by far but now intermittently not being allowed to post photos. Getting the API 1.0 message. Is this being sorted?
I cant post photos.. it keeps telling me to move to twitter v1.1 when will you provide an update for this. Everything else is perfect.
"I'd kick the back door and sling one right up this apps marmite motorway. I would give this app 5 stars if it didn't keep asking me to rate it.  EDIT:  June 2013 update stops me posting pictures intermittently
"i love this update
App was great until the last update. Now I get an API message when trying to tweet a picture. Very frustrating.
crashes on s4 please fix it
There Я so many suprises on it!!
Better than twitter app
"...this new update completely made my ""interactions"" section pointless. It fails to load every time. I've restarted
Feel the power. This app rocks!
"Besides the fact that OneLouder does not respond/fix bugs
Bugs New bugs. No url shortening. Now having cleared data won't reload accounts
dear..suddenly the app is closed my mobile is samsung S 4 also I have other app for twitter also the same problem4 I cant load more tweets...very poor app for samsung s4 I ask the support team many time but no result..now the 2nd upadet but the problem still
A great twitter app. It has just gotten better over time.
The Best twitter app ever...
So it ends up that it was my phones fault and not one louder...faith restored
Not working
Latest version taking forever to download. Cleared cache. What the hell?
It's a great app. I like it but not seeing if you got any new followers in the notifications sucks. Fix that and I'll give 5 stars
Great app! I love it.
It's amazing and easy to use just needs more themes.
Thanks for the dedicated updates and fixes etc. Awesome
Good
"Tried several twitter clients
Why do ads pop up in the pro version?
Why cant check my contact to see followers !!???
Best Twitter AP available.
Excellent app. Does what it says
"Crash every 15 min whenever i try to open a trene or sometimes links 
"few advantages over the original twitter app
"Slow to load
Great!!!
"Love this application
Very great and simple
Great apps
En basarili twitter uygulaması.  Kesinlikle tavsiye ediyorum herkese. Ancak ayni gelistiricinin facebook uygulamasi bu kadar iyi degil.
"This app just makes Twitter so easy to use
"Continually stops
"it is perfect app
Excellent?
The best twitter app in this thang.!
Beats regular Twitter
"The new update allowing the ability to change the header picture is fantastic"""
I have this APP in all my andriod devices .. but in my S4 it hang and close everytime I scrole the timeline
If this app isn't repaired soon I'm going with something else.  Sick of the constant freezing and crashing.
I keep getting a 501 or 504 error.  This is new
it freeze and close soon as i open it ... i hope that u update it and fix this problem
Loved the free version so much I paid for the upgrade..
"No annoying ads
"Tweetcaster marker
no ads....
Will not play YouTube and flash videos properly that are posted on Twitter.
"Not as many features as tweetdeck or ubertwitter
"Clear interface & good colour schemes
Always crashes when I slide fast .. And freezes suddenly
ممتاز جدآ
I luv it!
I'm a long time user. I've tried multiple twitter apps on multiple devices always to come back to this Twitter app. It does what I need without any major hiccups.  It's a good solid app that only gets better and better.
Needs to improve and get the emoji faces working  But over all good
"Does not have themes for tablet use at all except light and dark
Would love to be able to choose different retweet formats.
"I am a novice at most new gadgets
"Love that it buffers!  Seemless app
Twitter is a valuable tool for social media. Tweetcaster compliments twitters capabilities. Learn both together.
Good app
"The best by far
Best twitter app by a mile!!!!
"Great app!! Never have I had a problem or issue
It has improved greatly but still can't move to SD though.EVO 4
I love this app! I love that I can chose colors for my tweets & my mentions & even change the background  color. I have the pro version & it is so worth it! I have the Samsung Galaxy S II.
"Wonderful features
Nuff Said
Constant FCs. Used to be my default client years back. Interface needs a serious make over since then.
Loved the free version & this is even beter!!!
Just bought this app for $5 and the screen keeps jumping! Ugh
Wooks great. Would be 5 star if they could eliminate some button pushing...put preferences in settings. ..
A twitter one can personify as u feel.  Thanks so much look forward to more themes and more colour.
Wanted to try something besides the stock twitter app. I like the fact it preloads pictures but other than that functionality doesn't overly impressed me.
"I really love this app man.. Its the best compared to the other twitter app! Everything works very well
Good app
I think this app is great.
Works great and easy to use.
Falcon was alright but just ridiculous you can't have multiple accounts. Tweet casters user interface is way more friendly and efficient
"Its awesome
Its a great app I just wish my mentions and direct messages come on time..	Good
It's a little 2 complicated4 first time users2use.ItNeeds an InductionFeatureThat goesThroughStepByStep how2useIt&getTHE  maximum potentional
"Slower to receive messages
It's Ok.. Does the job for me.
"Having started with basic Twitter
I love to use it
A beautiful looking way to use twitter
Used to be the best twitter app
runs well with a lot of options for your tweeting pleasure. worth the money. i dont like the weight of the twitter app at all and this one goes on sd card. its great!
Very annoying to use. Awfully slow and freezes constantly. Don't waste your money
I used to use this app but it stopped allowing me to login.  Just use Carbon for Android instead.
It makes tweeting fun! Get yours and you will love it.
"The guys added support for viewing conversations on each tweet and the pics preview. Good job! The first app I paid
better app for tt
Full of great features with a beautiful and intuitive interface.
I love it. In future need icon to change font color handle and need more language supported. Thank you
Absolutely great
App Best out
Has become really slow when trying to tweet...
Latest update is just like putting lipstick on an ugly pig. Just holofy the whole thing like you did for Friendcaster already!
Love this app does everything perfect
Better than the official twitter app. Worth paying for so you don't see the annoying ads.
My phone Galaxy S4 frequently force close the program while am browsing the tweets. ????
Wish it had custom URL shorteners
"It's nearly perfect
So much better than stock app...
Thanks for the multi window support! I just got that feature with 4.1.2.
Keeps losing my place and going to the top.  Instagram integration is nice.
"Love the application! I have tried other Twitter apps
Works great using for 2years now
Would give more stars if it had symbols or emoticons for tweets. Kinda boring for a paid app. Had the same stuff when it was free. Force closes A LOT.
Sufficient It works as advertised
"I love this app cause it does what I need it to but all I ask to fix is the interactions. If someone favorites more than one tweet of mines
Great Twitter App!!
Nice
Really hanging  too much also let my mobile hang
To much force close we hope it will get fixed ..
Really great!
very simple yet effective layout. great functionality and customizability!
Good updates
"Best Twitter app ive found
BEST TWITTER APP EVER!!
"I'm giving it 5 because although I love the look and layout of Plume
"If only the best of Tweetcaster could be added to the best of Falcon Pro I'd give 5. If this had an inline browser it would be amazing (although speed would probably be compromised). For multi account (I have a business and a personal) and speed this has to be the best around now that seesmic is starting to gently rust away in the app retirement home. I miss seesmic
Better than Tweet Deck. Many features. World with multiple logins.
"I just wish that it had the ability to inline expand long tweets automatically like Plume for Twitter does. I also wished that it had the ability to choose between viewing multiple twitter accounts all together or individually like Plume does. Other than that
I love this app its so good but it always force closing or say tweetcaster is not responsible. Hope you guys fix it soon
Wish  there was a windows version
Nice update
"Its alright
Awesome App
Super!
Better without ad pop ups!!
Almost perfect.
"Lots of features
"Much better than the Twitter original app
Best twitter app for android
I love it
Super efficient!
Think I'm going to like it!
Great app
I've this apo
"native client for uploading pics never works
Barely works
But there is too much of a DELAY between u pressing new tweet button for the screen to come up. I'd say about two to three seconds delay and it's annoying. That's my only issue with the app!!!!
Love it
"I've tried them all
Stopped working after one use. Clearedd cash and data. Can't get it to start loading data again.  Horrable!!!
Best one so far.
"I love this app. If it didn't force close quite so much and the DMs feed didn't keep jumping back to the bottom when you try to read through them
"The app used to be my fav twitter app
It runs without errors or force close.
I'm really sick of readability. Is there any way to turn it off? I just want the websites to open like a website should. Otherwise I love this app
Great app
not conmecting to twitter server for few days now
Love the ui.  Easy to use. Best twitter app out there.
"Great app I've been using for over a year. Very easy to do a lot of functions. I only came up on 2 problems. 1st it usually starts crashing a lot so I reinstall it to fix it
Great app
"App is coo for maybe the first week. Then it starts misbehaving & force closing &&& the only way to rectify is by uninstalling Then really installing. Could just be my phone
"I'm not a huge twitter user
Tweet caster is effective and easy to use. It has also been a reliable app.
Saves you time if you social network junkie lie me
Love it but you guys should alert us when someone favorites or who follows you
Made life easier
الإيجابيات : فيه مميزات لم اجدها في بقيه برامج تويتر مثل اضافه توقيع وتغي متطورلستايل البرنامج واظهار اسماء الاجهزه والبرامج المستخدمه للمغردين والبحث المتقدم . العيوب : يعلق كثير ويتوقف عن العمل بشكل مفاجئ - الأنتظار الإجباري الي ماله داعي لتحديث التايم لاين او التغريدات ... سعره مرتفع بالنسبه لخدماته
... out of all the twitter clients I've used.
This app doesn't work save your money! Don't buy this product!
"Ŧħιş αρρ ħαş ∂εƒιπιtεlφ υπ∂εrgσπε rιgσrσυş tεştιπg. It'ş ѵεrφ şmσσtħ
Takes to long to open up to post a status
Tweetcaster is acting up..takes forever to load with a black screen ..something is not right ..foreclosure as well..fix pls!! Note II
best application ever xoxo
"Best Twitter app for android by far. I paid to remove ads. But was fine with them as well. This app offers more options for tweets then the official Twitter app. Don't waste time trying them ALL like I did. Get this
I finally know what the hell I'm doing and cc what's goin on vs regular twitter!
One of the best twitter apps out there! Get it!
Great app! Don't believe me - go ahead try it out! Thanks guys.
Great app
"Besides not being able to post on a Facebook page
But after last update if i view an attachment in someones timeline and then go back it automatically scrolls back to the start or the top of their tweets. I then have to scroll back down thru all their tweets again. It didnt do this before. Awesome app before this happened.
Awesome
Great app
It works great !!!!!!
Keep the updates coming!
Best Twitter app out there..
Too slow for too long! #Uninstalled
Can't go wrong with this purchase
Nice
"Great app
Nice
I've used almost all twitter apps and this is by far my favorite.  Only twitter app I use.  Top notch and stable on my Galaxy Nexus.
The best twitter app bar none
يمكنك من خلاله استعراض الصور فقط أو الفيديو أو الروابط فقط في التايملاين.. أو في هاشتاق معين.. أو في أي ليست خاص فيك.. وهذه الميزة غير متوفرة في أي برامج تويتر سواء هنا أو في ستور أبل حتى.. البرنامج خفيف وأنصحكم بتحميله.. والفرق بين النسخة المدفوعة والنسخة المجانية هو إزالة الإعلانات المزعجة من النسخة المدفوعة.
"It was perfect until it wouldnt let me change my avi. Smh
The best!!
excellent.....
★★★★★
"Long time user of Tweetcaster Pro... I love all the features like multi accounts
now my twitter client
Best tweeting application by far.
"Simply put
I have tried many apps and always come back to tweetcaster pro.
Top ball bags
I can't see instagram photos anymore.
Excellent.  Versatile.  Wonderful.
"UI is smooth
"So far the best and I've tried them all and I mean all
Only tried twitter and uber social.. Tweetcaster pro has been works flawlessly on my note 1. Full of useful features and it is very easy to handle multiple accounts
"Freezes a lot
Awesome
When I start from the widget I get an ad at the bottom. I use the pro version. Very annoying. I payed to get rid of the ads.
"When I select new tweet
Used to be great
Xcellent
Love it!
This app is so slow it's barely functional.   Support isn't responding.   Lame.   Moving on.
Keren dah pokoknya
This is the best app to manage your Twitter and Facebook posts. Download it now.
It's awesome
...and improving all the time.
No problems. Updates me on schedule. Best Twitter app so far.
It use to be one of the best twitter apps but for the past few months its been crashing and really slow.
"It does what it says
As long as you read the reviews of others - don't upgrade. I'm still rocking great from 2 upgrades ago. READ THE REVIEWS BEFORE YOU UPGRADE AN APP & backup your apk people. I don't have the time limitations and I can see conversations.
I am no longer seeing instagram photos in my twitter feed. I have to click on the link to view the image. This was not the case in the past. Anyone else having this issue? 5 stars if that gets fixed.
"I use Twitter on Windows 8
Getting better all the time. Love the Zip It.
I have been very patient but enough is enough. This App hasn't worked on my Droid Bionic in over 6 weeks! I am angry that I paid good money for something and not getting anything out of it in return. It freezes every time it opens. And that's IF it even opens!  I have waited patiently but am tired of this. Developers get your act together and get it fixed! Worked great until you obviously messed something up on it. It appears  to be happening on a lot of the Droids.
Best Twitter App
Defo best twitter app out there
"I have Pro for Droid 4
Used to love this app.  Now the widget is useless hasnt updated days. Have update everything manually.
"Why do you disturb me with popup ads on your other products even if I payed?! Again ads in paid version
"This used to be by far the best Twitter app but the last update ruined it. It freezes
Killer app
I love tweetcaster but cant recommend people buy this app if ads still appear in paid version. Also the paid version boast 12 themes it contains onky those in free version.
Had to uninstall because it would hang my system repeatedly and finally force a reboot. Love it when it ran efficiently.
Full-featured yet simple UI.
Nice
Great app best twitter app so fare
Was fine on my nexus 7 until the last upgrade. Now it just hangs whenever I leave the app and then return to it.
Take so long to load page to compose tweet. Pic links need to be opened in browser which is annoying. Please fix.
Excellent! My favorite Twitter app!
I love it
First class!
as good as tweetbot for iOS
"It is the best Twitter app I have ever used! The only thing is
I'm happy with it
Great App
The best twitter app I ever seen.
"Lately
I am downgrading my review as on my tablet I am suddenly getting ads!!!!  I paid for this app!
excellent
On my HTC it takes 45 seconds to forward or comment.  Wish it still have speed of 6 months earlier.
I am running the Pro version but still get banner adverts displayed. Themes are still limited to dark and light. Where is the extra value in going pro?
would like the app to have the view replies function back then ***** for me..
Very good app.
purdy neat...i like it...you can change tha color
"Since the last update
"Great app
I'd recommend this for your twitter... I'd give it five stars if it didn't crash a few times a week while trying to connect to my Pocket account even though it's associated in the settings.  I'd prefer a paid for app not to crash.
"By far the best twitter app
Works great on my RAZR maxx
"IMO this is the most overall best app in terms of functionality
Twetter caster pro Better than twitters own app. Best app on the market!
New update keeps causing my phone to re-set. A shame because I like the app. Any plans to resolve this issue?
I love this app! Way better twitter interaction.
Slow sluggish web browser sucks will not upload multiple photographs anymore since upgrade.
its hangup and auto close in nexus 4 4.2.2!!
I LIKE IT. WORKS GOOD FOR ME!
"Loved this app for a while
"Really loved this....but?  Now it often hangs or goes to a blank screen and hangs.  Have killed and restarted app
Love the app where i can check my feeds all in one place and stay up to date. Just have to configure notifications.
"Because Tweetcaster is available on all platforms
"The tl lags
Best twitter app by far not doubt about that!!!!
Great. Simple. Easy. Perfect for twitter fanatics! I like the Pro app so much better than the free one. Amazing job. Bravo.
"Solid
Wow. Paid app and i get a rate limit! And it never loads my tweets! If I could I would rate it 0 stars
very kool app
"I really like the Zip It feature. I can hide tweets I'm currently not interested in
thats what im talkin about!!
Looks brilliant on my nexus 7&10. Unless I'm not using right I wish it would display more tweets like falcon pro.
If only it had a full screen widget...
Only use twitter because of this ap.
Excellent
"This may be the best app for tweeter. The UI is simple and cool
Very good
Just the best
"The best app for Twitter I have used
"I accidently bought this while drunk
Same as the reviewer from 3/16... Can't even get it to open after updating my S3 to the newest Android OS. Drives me nuts.  FIX THE BUG NOW!!! DON'T MAKE ME UNINSTALL! !
The best application for twitter  Thanks tweetcaster
Love it!!
Great app.
"I have used Tweetcaster Pro for almost 2 years now and  was always very happy.  I used it on my galaxy SII and since 6 months on my Note II. Since I updated to Android 4.1.2 however
"I hate the birdie icon
Much better then android twitter app
This app freezes a lot!
I've tried many twitter apps and none are as fast and fully featured as Tweetcaster. Easily the best
I like the display better than the native twitter app.
Keep having to uninstall and reinstall app.  Gets extremely slow and when I uninstall and reinstall it fixes it.  Please fix!  My favorite Twitter app!
Was a great app until last update I now go to refresh and lose my whole timeline alot shower 2 plus you can't put on a header with this app
"Worth to buy
Its kinda late with updates
Wont even open. Constant force close. Ruined a good app.
This is great app love it no pop ups
Used to love this app but it's so slow after I updated. It gets stuck on a black screen when I'm moving to a new page and freezes. Will use a new app until this improves.
Great job
Best twitter app
من افضل البرامج التي تهتم بالتويتر جيد جدا
The best Twitter app out by far!
Hide replies is a very good feature.. Can you add one more feature 'Show only retweets of a user? '..  It will be a very useful thing
Best of the best
Destroys my battery
With the new update the app now limits the time you can refresh and delays you for a couple of mins for you to view the new tweets... if they dont fix this problem soon I will my tweets elsewhere.
"Reliable
Used to be my absolute favourite twitter app. But last few days it's not loading at all. Driving me mad. Reinstall didn't even help. Please fix this as I paid for pro version!
"The App Works Great with Wi-Fi. Otherwise 
Lots of useful features with this Twitter app. Love it.
Before all the updates.. now it's slow.. fails to notify me on new mentions consistently and the latency is TERRIBLE!  Hope this don't become like Friendcaster
Great piece of software
Honestly one of the best twitter clients for android. Well worth its weight in cost. So much is integrated into this app you don't need anything else.
"Love this. Clean
Good with me
A nice tweeter app to keep in track of  twitter time line
Best twitter software
Provides drop down menus to make it easier to use. Nice features.
"Used initially for my nexus 7 as there were not many specialist tablet twitter apps. Great app
This one is the only app that hasn't gone funky on me. A few buggy updates but never a real problem. I Liked the free version so much that after a year I finally bought pro version.
I am an avid user of this app. And a feature I would like to see added is the ability to copy dm's just like I can copy any other tweet.
Good stuff no issues
Freezes & force closes more than it works.
It was o.k. and now it opens slow and it takes 20 seconds just to open a reply.  I'll come back and check in on the app when you fix that issue.
Awesome app!!!!
I always go back to TCP
Love this app
Its so slow now & special notifications don't take u 2 the tweet so y bother
Mawuuuutttt
"Once I got used to it
Its easily the most awesome app for twitter..
I love this app no ads pop up so its great
Best by a mile
"Ok got the upgrade
Found this to be THE BEST app. for Twitter out. Thot' I'd found #1 with others; I was wrong! Learn from my experience-THIS IS 100% WORTH the $!
"I think this is the deepest most powerful twitter app. Some interface quirks. Are it tough to learn (clicking the avatar is only way to see posters profile?
Great app!
Come on now. 2 updates and you still haven't fixed one of the most important features of twitter. NO OPTION TO VIEW REPLIES.
Bravo for adding the character  count in DM editor. Giving again all 5 stars
"Of course there is always room for improvement
"There are some good twitter apps available for Android but this is the one I stuck with. It's the sharpest looking and it's really easy to navigate around especially if you have multiple accounts. I tried out the free version for a few months and just upgraded to pro recently. If you're still using the ""stock"" twitter version that came on your phone I would highly suggest that you explore the alternatives like this one
Please take away the splash screen on every launch!!
"I have tried many Twitter apps and this is clearly the best. The layout
Tweetcaster Products is by far the best app I've seen yet and the most versatile. I love that I can easily switch between accounts and zip up people I follow if they get too chatty! Additionally you can see images or previews of every link in your timeline a huge plus since twitter divorced instagram .
The app constantly won't allow me to view pics or user avatars...I always have to uninstall and reinstall it works a couple of days then same problem occurs...I'm upset I even paid for the pro version
Offical
App crashes almost every time
Please make Tweetcaster support Multi window
.....sort out remembering place in timeline when getting notifications and you'll have the perfect 5 star app. Until then I can't use it I'm afraid.
love it.
can't deal
"It does exactly what it is supposed to... easy app to use
I've tried all of them and this one was the most useful. I just don't like that it doesn't give you notifications when someone follows you. That should be implemented.
Its my new friend always telling me what new in the tweeter world
Having binned off my iphone and switching to the Galaxy S3 i was keen to find an app that matched tweetbot and Tweetcaster is one of the best i have tried. The only thing i would implore the tweetcaster guys to do is put a translator in the next update. I follow a lot of people who tweet in spanish and italian and i have to revert back to tweetbot on my ipad to read them. Other than that the app is user friendly & generally very reliable with minimal crashes.
Great app
"Saving pics
That Refreshing Limit is getting  really annoying :(
"Functionally great
I love the app but what's wit this new update? Why is there suddenly a very short rate limit on refreshing tweets?
Telecaster 5 Stars on Android Phone The Pro version on Galaxy Tab has bugs & crashes Droid Razr Pro version is stable and perfect
I love this app.
"Best twitter client i've used. Would love to see a less cartoonish sort of interface
"Tried them all
"I give 3 out of 5 
Since the frinkin update is giving restrictions every time I try to refresh my TL now it sucks! So much for spending $$ on this crap
Killin it! Just wish it wouldn't make my screen spaz sometimes!
Cool app loves it...
"Orders of magnitude above the experience offered by Twitter's
It freezes when ever I try to tweet or reply.. tighten up twitcast
Luv it!!!
"If I could give this minus stars I would. The only reason I updated was the version I had installed had rabies (or something). This new version is worse. Will do nothing. Can't post
Not sure if I can say anything bad about TweetCaster except to say it's a great gem OneLouder produced.
The best Android app for twitter.
"Very cool application
Goood
Satisfied wih the free version n bought it.. hii
I love tweetcaster no complaints!
"...that I've run into or used so far. Only problem encountered has been an occasional browser crash. Would recommend to a friend
Great app
"Pretty comprehensive app. Wish the inline image previews were bigger
"Sometime when I launch this app
This app didn't work well on my GS3. It crashed often.  Get Plume
Try falcon pro.
"I've always loved using this app for Twitter
Would be better if Favorites/RT's were included in the @ tab like the stock Twitter client.
Everytime i download it i click sign in and it says web page temporarily down.or moved to a new website
Tweetcaster has improved by light years - beyond its original  performance. Spectacular now and functioning consistantly better than any other twitter app.
"Easy to set up and navigate
What the f is this rate limit.. Flipping annoying!
Burrrr
"Seriously
Great tweet appl but pro ver really nice features
"I get some ads in new update
After trying out most of the twitter apps on the market this one stands out from the rest because I've had the least problems with this one. Very reliable app. Awesome developers!
Love this app....other than this last update too away the ability to send a pic in a DM :-(
"I loved it! Great app
Keeps telling me I've reached a limit and must come back at a later time. This is getting annoying. Please fix.
"but i pay for this
Thouroughly enjoy using this app!
"I love this app
I seriously have tried EVERY other Twitter client on the Google Play store. I always come back. Thank you to the Devs.
Lately my main timeline has been freezing for up to 10 minutes. Mentions keep working fine.
"Thanks guys for the update
Nice application
Sometimes when I go down to see perevious tweets it says 'failed to refresh'
"With the last update
"This app is well worth the effort
One of the best twiiter application in google play..love it...
"Timeline freezes at times when you post tweets and or see other tweets
I didn't pay for this app three years ago for it to get worse with each update. The developer has been adding things for which I dont particularly care. Who cares about a search party? I don't! The app doesn't refresh. I have to constantly manually force close it to get my timeline to refresh.  This app is crap!
Needs better hd and tweetdeck
"I used the free TweetCaster for quite a while before deciding to buy the Pro version. The free app ran better and crashed far less than the Pro version. I would go back
"It seems like every time there is an update
"Worth the purchase
Does everything very well. Great options and great user interface.
Need to make the interface more user friendly. Hard to find followers and certain little things like that
No option to view replies and doesn't seem to hold my position on my Timeline. Could we get a fix?
Takes forever to load new tweets.  Force closes a lot.  Going back to native twitter app for now.  Used to love tweetcaster too.. :(
By far the BEST twitter app!
Great
Buy the pro
"why no widgets? friendcaster pro has them
وايد حلو . .
"This app was the greatest twitter android app but after the last update it force closes
Title says it all. Amazing product delivers as advertised and helps me want to use Twitter for a change.
"Superb app
Problem rectified! When fixed will raise review. Used for business! Costing me money!!!!!!!
Excellent twitter client.
"Will not load timeline
"This is one of the better twitter clients on Android but it never remembers where you were in your timeline - Plume handles that better. Love the new 'sleep mode'.  Since the last update
Love it!!!!
The Pro app is well worth it
Nice
Great app for accessing Twitter.
Does what I want it to no probs
WAS a great app but now it's ruined
Been using it forever. Will never let it go
Works great on my Nexus S 4G. Glad I went premium. The downside is after several updates it crashes with the Readability feature.
Thanks
Uninstalled and reinstalled that fixed errors. Amazing app!
"Makes Twitter even more fun
It never refreshes you ruined it
Exactly what I was looking for!  Interface is easy to understand.   Widgets are great too.
Great app
It's better than the stock tweeter!
This app makes tweeting easy. Nuff said.
Hopefully this update fix problems with S3
best twitter app available
Worth paying for it. Trust me its worth every penny if you are a regular tweeter
"Why did yall update it & make it horrible! If its not broke
"This app was perfect until yesterday when ""view replies"" disappeared now it's a useless waste of money."
Excellent yaar. No complains.
updates only makes this app more amazing of course lol but check out Falcon Pro u.i that's the only competition out as a twitter client but tweetcaster is my second fav ..m
Used to be 5+ stars.  no fix yet.
It used to be perfect but now it crashes almost every time!! I can't even use it for a minute. I'm getting sick of it
Love the app... It needs a facelift tho... UI is kinda boring now
"Love the ease of use for this app. I would give it five stars if the app didn't crash every time I try to take a picture straight from a post. It would really save me the hassle of opening my camera
Everything Twitter should be
Great
Tried many others but this is by far the best
"Would give it 5 stars but the browser always crashes. (when I click link in tweet and select Open
ممتاز جدا جدا
...de mayo
The above states it all uses 20 percent of my battery in sleep mode while never using wtf
very fast.
"Some times tweets take so long to send it
"Loved this app
goo app..
Easy to use and so simple!
Used to be good but now i don't know who my followers are or who I am following because it won't load the list and when someone tweets about me i don't get a notification unless I open the application myself please fix
Great app
Best twitter app.. Period
I wish tweetcaster have a push notification it will be excellent:)
Will not update my profile pic!! Ugh this app is dissatisfying! PLEASE FIX!
Love how now I actually use twitter. The other apps don't even come close to this quality.
Excellent
Much better than the twitter app interface.
Excelent software
Force closes 2 much
"I love this app!! Finally coughed up the most amount of dough I've ever spent on an app for the pro version and it was more than worth it! Best Twitter client ever! Not to mention the only one I've ever used with a full ""interactions"" page and not just mentions and DMs."
Best twitter app hands down.
This is a great app. Can we have more themes please to match those in Friendcaster.
Seth
My favourite messaging app. Lots of flexibility.
Best twitter app for tablets
Would like the app more if then provided better themes. And also being able to look at a tweet on a full screen
Pages won't open to external links
Easy to use and like that I can change up the theme.  Love tweetcaster.
Will not retrieve all tweet. Force close is expected anytime
#FOT @High_on_Halo4
A good app liked the free decided to buy it
"Paid version [pro] is definitely worth it.  Notifies me ""of new tweets"" after I've disabled that option
Cool
lacks interacttion with FB and buildin browser sucks.. otherwise peachy
"Superb twitter client. Really love this app. Say what
"I find this app to work most of the time but it sometimes wont load til I reset my phone and occasionally doesnt notify me of dms even though the box is ticked. Other than that
"It's been slow to update my feed and takes longer than it should to post tweets
"Simply the best
Tweetcaster is hands doen the best Twitter app. Allows you to transition easily betweeb two accounts. Dm is a breeze and it remembers you hashtags and following for easy tweets. Buying the premium version is worth the money. My favorite feature is color coded tweets.
Features are amazing but it crashes most of the time.
Love tweetcaster! Best twitter app around... So easy to use and customize...
"Would give it five
Simplifies Twitter... nice app... has never crashed on me like many apps...
"I have sudden reboots on Galaxy Nexus 4 and Guys web readability is absolutely horrible pls bring old user experience. UPDATE: Guys pls do something
Nice tweet
Lots of functionality
Nice app!
Very good and relative simple to use
Latest release has been awfully buggy. A lot of force closes and restarts.
Fantastic app. Latest look and functionality are great.
"An very good application for tweets
Keeps shutting down every time I click on a link. Motorola RAZR Max HD.
Love it. Well worth upgrading. Use it on phone & tablet
The Pro version works great on my Bionic and Asus pad. Makes Tweeting much easier and enjoyable. The zip feature is a nice addon plus the menu on the side of screen. Worth the investment for pro as I loathe advertisements.
GOOD
"Tryed all the others
"My fav twitter client but tablet version is almost unusable
Best Twitter client on Android by far!
Would get 5stars but it is too slow. takes 1 1/2 minutes to reply to a tweet. not acceptable.
"Twitter client
Love this app! I can change my theme color and automatically posts with twitlonger if you happen to pass 140 characters. Highly recommend.
Force closes when looking for nearby tweets doesn't automactically shrink my URLs posting double tweets and there needs to be a better way to add @'s instead of it being jumbled at the bottom of the screen (HTC Rezound)
Love it!!!!
"1st
"Please make a ""mute"" function like uber&tweetbot apps
Decent
This app does everything that I want. Perfection.
Been using the app for a year and love the Facebook integration so I can post to both at the same time
Works awesome on my Samsung galaxy S2 skyrocket running on straight talk!! Worth the few dollars
it looks horrible and it just fakes the action bar. the usability is so bad that i will invest in a different app and stop using tweetcaster (after over 2 years)
And It doesn't save your last position in the timeline automatically jumps to the top. When u refresh or when u open up the app..
Cool
Great
"Allow multiple streams/feeds and this app will be tops in '13. still
Each release makes it better still not perfect though...
Quite possibly the best twitter app for Android!
Great app but still doesn't keep my place in the timeline. Possible push notifications would be great too
"Simply the best
Great app! I use it everyday!
Please add option to not auto-load pics. Many people are on limited data plans.
La mejor y mas completa app para twittiar
"A 5 star App
Wonderful app.
"Great App
Never used anything else. Works perfectly
TweetCaster's THE BEST twitter app on the market! (ツ)
Has good customization
Best twitter app out there....hands down..!!
Great
Wish it included g+ Working just fine. Samsung Epic
"All of the options makes it easy to be an efficient and quality ""tweet operator""."
"...now I can't send links to Pocket. I love this app; it's easily in the top 3 most used on my phone.  Until the new update
Works great so far
With a few extras this could be an amazing application. That said it is well worth your time. My compliments to the developers.
Used to give it 5stars but now when i try to compose a tweet it takes forever to get to the screen.. fix!
I love this app
"I've used twitter app 1st before i met tweetcaster.. and sometime later
I want a refund!
In tablet UI Arabic writing crosier when you are composing new tweet stuck to the left while it suppose to start from the right like the phone UI.. Please fix this.
I like this app. Don't know if $4.99 worth yet.
Has gotten slightly better from the updates.
I love this. This is the best in the market ;) Worth evry penny!
Android tablet features are definitely improving! Trying to get used to the windows phone version missing the themes on it
Best Twitter client I've used for Android.
Love it.  Best twitter app.
"Falcon is better. Tweetcaster Desperatly needs a Holo redesign. This app is just hideous. Functions alright
If it weren't for this app I'd have never become the tweeter I am today! Excellent form and function. Though I do hate the new graphics layout on profiles
The latest update adds a sartorial finish on design.
Plz fix
Red Dragons
The app keeps crashing and restarting.  WTH
I've loved tweetcaster since the beginning but lately the app has been lagging & force closing...I can't take anymore of this!!!
Excellent
"Excellent application. Great updates
Brilliant!
I love it!!!
"For me
Not gonna disappoint !
Works much better than my old client.
very cool app for twitter. recommended
Awesome n koolz!
I've download so many other twitter apps but always come back to this one I love it
I like it but many thing need to be on here like smiley face and ads
Does what I need it to and has nice photo  plugin (seperate add on) editing before post helps tweets look more pro savy! Worth the change $
I can't download pics. Says unsupported image type
Most awesome Twitter app out there
"As a long time Seesmic user i wanted a dedicated twitter client. Tweetcaster is a bit of a handful at first just because of the many options but its easy to get it configured as you want. Unlike otjers i really like ghe built in browser
"If other Twitter apps feel a bit jaggy as you scroll up and down the timeline
Giving the option to post directly to Twitter and Facebook is great. Once there is also a direct post to Google+ then it will be 5 stars..
Keeps me updated and shows all the tweets I never miss any!
Not bad imo
Had to uninstall then reinstall to fix.
It is a much better app than the normal twitter and once you start using it you just have to update to pro love it!
This app is faster than the free version. It updates your tweets when you launch it. Got rid of those ads. Gives 5 stars
"Free version is great
"You need to fix notifications
Great app for tweets
"Great twitter client! But
My tweets are not syncing to my FB status. Pls help.
Full featured. Tried a few others then came back. Tweetcaster has better functionality with a great look. I recommend it.
Excellent!
Does everything I need it to. Usually.
Best Twitter App out there. Cheers.
Like the theme settings... More features
Will not place my hashtag topic in search results.  Renders this app pretty much useless. Please fix. Droid Razr
Good
Great app
The best twitter app in the streets
"Cant copy a paste or see users mentions like on twitter app but other than that
Its neat it could be a lil smoother
"sick app
It fast and easy
Jump to top!?
Was a fan but when I installed this on Nexus 7 tablet I got really disappointed. Widgets don't refresh. views on the tablet version is optimized for landscape view.  Installed Plume instead.
I like the app. It's very useful. And I'd like to thank the creators and everyone involved with it. Great job! You rock!
Works great!
Great Twitter app for todays smart phones.  You can not go wrong with the free or paid versions.
Es el mejor cliente que hay en el mercado. Sería bueno el desplazamiento entre columnas al deslizar el dedo.
Ive used a lot of twitter apps and this has to be my favorite! Go Army! @Front_Street
It works great and is well integrated with!
Best Twitter app for Android! :)
أنصح وبشدة بتحميل هذا البرنامج، أفضل من برنامج تويتر الرسمي بـ 100 مره :-)
Need more time to use.
Awesome app! Always getting my tweets and then some! Recommend!
"Excellent over regular Android client & many other applications.. Thank You for all efforts
the icon I don't like.
Great App!
Can't stand how links are opened in latest version. Really wish I could choose browser or readability. There are some sites that open great in readability and some don't.
I jus love this app it keeps me updated on everything that is going on in the world there so many good things I can say about this app but u should try it out yourself and you'll know what I'm talking about
"This tweet manager does so many things automatically like filling in hashtags
Really Awesome! - @Kriztronik
Thanks to the developers. U guys have done great work here.
So far so good.
Well organized and helps locate anything you might need on Twitter.
"I was actually rather dismayed to see that
"Guys the Readability is entirely configurable as is internal browser in the settings
good app
Having issues as of today. Never keeps my spot on my timeline and is showing all tweets twice. Have to stop using until it's fixed.
Great app.
Most are buggy but this one very good
no me quejo del app.
Not working probably on 4.2
It crashes and lags all the time now
Best Twitter app out there
Nice features best and most complete ive seen.
Good
Best tweeting app available!
Best twitter application out there!!
"Easy to use
Doea everything you can do on the desktop version of twitter aand a million miles better than the official twitter app.. excellent work boys!!
Love it
Worth the purchase
TweetCaster Pro
I've used a few but have always ended up coming back to tweetcaster. By far the best Twitter app in my opinion
Little disappointed there's no push service for this app! Not a cheap Twitter client and doesn't do the one thing that I find essential. Please add for 5 stars!!!!
"I changed my username on desktop and I can't see my new name
Sweet
Best twitter application ever.!
"Absolutely love it. Tried more or less all the Twitter apps out there. Zip it is absolutely amazing
Very good  I
"What is with this frame that now displays at the top and bottom of the screen when you click on a link??! On my phone 
Used to be great now simply good after updates. Slower and took away readability.
Lots of crashes on 4.2.  Recent updates did not fix the problems.  Currently using official twitter app until fixed.
"I've got the 4.2 Android update on galaxy nexua..and since then .. this app stopped working.. freezing
"When launch the apps
"Great app so far
"Doesn't open from where I left
I've tried others and I've found tweetcaster to outperform them all.
Latest incarnation does everything i need for
The ONLY way  to tweet.
Love this app.....
Good
Woulda given it 5 but I had to re download it for it to work correctly
Am I missing something? Can't find the option to use my browser instead of readability.
Only issues: update made pocket oober cumbersome*reverted to previous version* would luv custom notif's for DM & M's(?)  -epic 4g
"Would be really nice if it didn't refresh the view after ever view of profile
"for my taste
"This is the best app for Twitter
Great
Great that you now finally have custom notifications. Not so great that the existing custom notifications setup in twitter are not used by this. Do I really need to set it up again??
"I don't know what's happened
Love
Best Twitter app out there!
Tweetcaster is that bizz!!! Easily one of the top twitter apps (if not the top) almost perfect. GS3
Easy 4 out of 5. Worth the $4.99 for the pro.
"I would still want refresh on launch back. It worked so perfectly. Now I've to manually refresh all after launching app. Even so
"Cool UI & design Multiple account More options Zip function and lists I love it worth every penny
I  have this app for HTC S one and for my nexus 7 loving it I could post to Facebook and Twitter at same time.
No more separate interface with Twitter and fb. All in one superstore!  LOVE IT!
Always jumps to the top of timeline at start up.  How difficult can it be to save and restore  the last position? Tweetmarker doesn't help either.
Allows me to hit multiple accounts & facebook
Awesome
"this used to be the best app I've ever used on android
get app
My favorite twitter app!
Tweetcaster for me straddles that tightrope of functionality and user experience perfectly. Also extremely stable. I've used quite a few and definitely my favourite. No complaints at all in purchasing the Pro version. I got it on the discount sale and it's worth every penny. Would happily have paid full price.
It keeps sayin Protocol Error every 5 mins
Ok
Rating dropped due to frequent force close freezing have to uninstall reinstall just to get updeadet upsetting for a PAID version
Great app. Still gives me weird error messages sporadically.
Good app.
"I still haven't figured how you look at pics on Twitter profiles using this
Like it a lot
No ads!!!
"Looks good
The only twitter app that I will use.
The best.
Hace falta una caracteristica de poder ver las fotos que se van almacenando en twitter solo permite ver la de perfil...
Best Twitter App I've ever seen! Great job!
HTC Evo 4G (original)
With not even a single flaw...
Nice
"I've tried several Twitter apps and this is by far my favorite. Easy to use and looks good. Also
Nice
"Excellent application. Been using free version for a month
Fantastic. Well done devs!
Excellent app
best twitt ap for ndroid ;)
"tried almost all twitter clients
Installed it again on my phone that I just got back from a service at samsung and after 2 days I can't even open tweetcaster anymore!
one of the best tweet apps
Favorite twitter app
It works great! Don't know what I did b4 it.
just downloaded it but finding it easy to use and loving the features.
"Love TweetCaster
It needs a few more features like being able to add multiple names when sending a group tweet & being able to to delete ur entire inbox or conversation instead of 1 by 1...
"Been using this for a while and decided to rate a 4 for the feature filled yet simple ui. Push notifications and has every other feature I could wish for
Worth it anyway
"Thx cuz i was stuck with tbe shity original app where i cant even fix my words in Arabic! Now everything works like charm
I love the color settings
Awesome!!
Please make links open automatically in browser without prompting me every time I click on a link in a tweet.  Can't view tweet replies on the tablet version.
It was worth it to spend a little for the commercial free version.
As advertised
At last I buy it after months of using the pirated version =P
Awesome design and functionality.
"Having used seesmic
Great app!
Best twitter app
BestTwitter app available
Simple.
My twitter client of choice on android. Would give it 5 stars if they'd sort out the memory issues.
Great app! Shorten ur retweets automatically & other good stuff.
I love this app for tweeting absolutely the best one out there.
I ♥ tweetcaster.
"I come from this app after using tweet deck first a long time. It has nearly everything I need apart from 'inline' notifications of retweets. I know you can see the retweets people have sent out from your tweets but it takes drilling down menus from your profile.   If the RT's could be put into your 'mentions' column with a toggle in the settings
It does all I need and notifications are fast
"Best. Twitter client. Ever.. well
Awesome app.
Solid
Better between others. I cannot find the best :-B
Excellent Twitter App. Too many (of the above) to list. SGS3 w/JB. 4.1.1
It works really good with my phone. :-)
Just keeps getting better and better!
This is the best app yet for twitter!  Great job with this one.
Good
I love this app!! It's almost as good as being in front of the computer. Almost I said... Either way I can dig it.
"Good app
Best Twitter app
It's good!
I can't use emojis anymore because of the last update.
Great Twitter application with easy to use interface. Always adding new features.
App works well but more Twitter account control would be nice.
Easy and clean interface. A breeze to use.  Makes Twitter an even better experience.
Great App!
This way better now 5 stars
Runs great...frequent updates...LOVE IT...!!!
Have had this app for about a year and have loved using it!!! I especially love all the updates that come out for it!!!
Very nice
This app rocks.
Download A.S.A.P
Definitely better then using regular Twitter
سرىع وسعره مناسب لمحبي تويتر مميزات وخيارات لاتوجد في نسخة تويتر الرسمية
"Tried all twitter clients
"Best app for twitter yet
"Should have different styles for retweets
Perfect on note2
Great interface
Being back the exit button and allow it to completely close the app so it doesn't run in the background. Only way to close the app now is to force close. Not cool.
I cant view the replies!!!  Fix it..!
The best Twitter app EVER!
"10/27
Finally a fix for the trending topics. And I like the ability to tweak my N7 to the phone version.
"Not bad program support team is crap. Don't like I had to pay for it twice
"Flawless
Why can't twitter copy this
Awesome so far on my samsung galaxy s3
"I have used this for a while now on both my phone and my tablet and haven't even considered using anything else for Twitter
Great app @
"I had to clear the cache to get it to start up
Best Twitter app out there easily
Great
Lets ya do just about everything you could want t' do with Twitter. Great app. Jus' wish pictures and profile pics loaded faster. All in all AAAA+++++
Have tried lots of others but this is the most stylish and useful out there. Perfect on  Galaxy Nexus
Works well. Just wish it had push notifications.
Best twitter app
Has been a very solid app and the best choice out there right now.
I love this app. We have a covert affair that Trina my battery down on a daily basis.
"The tablet version should have the same features as phone version. That simple. I paid for a pro experience
The only twitter app you'll ever need
Great App
"Now it does not seem to wanna remember my place in the timeline. Worked fine before I updated
everytime I go to send a tweet the screen goes black and it ask le do I was to foreclose or wait everytime its really annoying..
"Stop wasting time color coding and improve trends support. Trends in tweetcaster pro are horrible. Otherwise great
The Best App for Twitter
I always come back to it
"The app has recently become seriously laggy. Plus
"Im rating it 4 stars cause when I get a DM it doesnt notify me. And I've set the notifications on
Best Twitter app for tablet. Really good on my phone too
TIM! Gooood! But it want be perfect intill to stops force closing so much and I can retweet my drafts without remaking them
Not getting any notifications!! Please fix ASAP!!  Sprint EVO
"This is a good twitter client. Works good
The best one I've used for Twitter so far!
Great app
"Past few  updates really messed up on 3 galaxy nexus
App refuses to remember my position when I reopen. Can't figure out how to jump to marker which would make the first problem tolerable.
Best twitter app.
Works great on LG intuition
Great Twitter app
"Just got this app yesterday. Overall it's a very good Twitter client
Best Twitter app out there.
I can't see notifications fix it now!!
"Uninstalled then reinstalled now unable to connect to Twitter. Before uninstall time line froze 
"Pretty solid app. Just don't under Stand how for 5 dollars u can't change or bio 
Broken app
Great app!
No notify with dm
"Just keeps on getting better and better
TweetCaster is the best app out there!
"Used to love it but now its getting annoying. Even though I set it to ""remember timeline position"" it doesn't work. Lets say I leave my phone alone for a few hours and come back and check it...its already at the top at the newest tweet! This is really irritating especially because I have paid for this app. Please fix!!!!!!!"
awesome
Had the free version and upgraded to the pro version. Worth every penny.
A good aps that worked on Padfone which can switch between between phone mode and tablet mode. But still needs a lot of improvement and sync data beMtween tablet mode and phone mode.. Especially the theme..
Never fails me.
Love the countdown and jump to marker features.
Notifications are LATE but the features are real cool just hate how late the notifications are...
"Love love love!  Everytime I go to other apps
"With the lack of functionality in showing image thumbnails in tweets
.......
Best twitter app I have used and trust me I have used them all!
I've used every major twitter app there is and this has always been my favorite. Keep up the great work! (Might be a good idea to add an automatic tweet-splitting option for those of us who tend to not watch how many characters are left.)
"This is so much better than the twitter app
........
Works great
"Great app
Excellent
I use Twitter mostly for news and I love this app.  Very easy to use.  Samsung Galaxy 3S
Much more stable with the Pro version... I think the AF support was Crashing My G1...
Needs to show # followers
"This is by far the best application for twitter on android. All kind of options a customer wants
Nice ap
Would give 5 stars if I had the ability to change the theme. The default is a little iffy for me. Love the dark ones on my phone though
This has everything.. I keep track everything!! Don't change whatever you do!!
Great app..best app out
The best
ดีสุดในแอนดรอยแล้วครับ
This is the best droid app for twitter.
Could do with push notifications.
I love it :)
"TweetCaster Pro is better than the free version
New themes would suffice as well as a UI
Great app!
I really love this application.  Looks gorgeous and works perfectly.
Very good app. Can make it run alittle faster
Love it for my phone and tab!
"after 4 months of last use on Htc desire due to issues i installed on a new phone still force closes
I love this app on my lg g2x and my springboard tablet &now my g3
Best there is.
"So easy to use. Tweet from anywhere
BEST APP EVER!
Only flaw is that there's no indicator in the time line showing what tweets I've re tweeted and favorited
"I love the ease of use.....especially between accounts
"This apps good. the only issue that I fine is I can't look at my followers or who I'm following. It says ""fail to load"""
Best Twitter app hands down!!!
"I went to the trouble of buying this app cos I liked the free one but didn't  like the security implications of the loaded advertisement library modules. Astonishingly
I used to love using tweetcaster but the last week has been a joke. It crashes and doesn't work!!!!
This is one great program.  You must try.
"Liked it so well I bought the ""Pro "" version. Only to find out after purchase that it doesn't have all the same features as the free version!!  WTF!! DISPLAY OF TWEETS SUCKS NO BUBBLE EFFECTS!!  AAUGGHH!!!"
Love it
I keep finding features. The u.I. invites you to learn it. Very powerful if you want power. Also good for daily driver.  Phone version little different than tablet version but I switch back n forth easily.  Easily one of my fave android apps. Never crashes on jelly bean. Rock solid.
Best twitter app for Android!
DMs jam sometimes and I hate the F for the Facebook icon where you write tweets.. It's burning into my phone's screen now (need an option to re/move it)
Also has some useful features not found in other apps. Really intuitive also.
I've been using this for quite a long time and found myself liking it more than the others.
Great
The best twitter app
It has its flaws but its a great app. The best actually
"Tried the freebie first
"I'm surprised it doesn't say ""...via TweetCaster Pro"" when you send out a tweet rather than just ""...via TweetCaster."""
IT'S A GREAT APP BUT IT STILL FORECLOSE
NO Pop up ads
Twitter socks now!
Perfect.  Thank-you. HTC Wildfire
I'm always going to love Twitter...
"Don't get notifications on retweets anymore
Good app.
Good
Nice
Beyond Fantastic
Great what do they want war and peace?
Thanks
Tweetcaster... What can I say... I love it (:
I really enjoy this app. It's definitely my twitter client of choice.
Fix please
"(HTC Thunderbolt) I've been having issues seeing pictures lately and I think that the ""followers"" list should refresh everytime you view it*"
Upgraded to jelly bean and now the app hangs when I try to login. Cannot access anything.  I really like this app but I have been forced to switch in the meanwhile.
"LOVE IT! If only Friend Caster would be this together w/o the ""invalid responses""!!"
Great program
The most amazing Twitter app ever!
"Luv using it
"I would recommend using Tweetcaster on your phone. Smooth
"I love how it looks
"Best twitter app I've used and I've used them all
"Speed is better than competitor
Wonderful! It does so many things that the regular Twitter don't do.It's AWESOME!!!
Awesome app.
Great app
"You guys rock! Check out the recent ""interactions"" section of default app. That's the only thing you guys need to seriously work on. Other than that
Best Twitter app for Android
Works well on my Device ^ - ^
Love the Pic Previews.
If you like tweeting get this app
Great
"Only had the thing installed on my #hero for 5 mins and it keeps crashing
Best program for twitter by a long shot the lists etc are so easy for navigation. A+ programming people
Droid Razr.
Clean UI that works.
"I bought this up for one importent reason
Great!
"Other Android apps support emoji
Works well on my Samsung Skyrocket!  I also use it on my Samsung Tablet with outstanding success.
This is a very good twitter app. Does everything you'd need from a twitter app.
"Please remove splash screen. We already bought the app
Only thing that bothers me is it does not consistently pick up where I left off. It's annoying when you have to scroll down and find where you left off.
Love it! Wish we could view recent pics on twitter profiles though!
"This is probably one of the most powerful Twitter apps that currently exists on Android. It's customizable and has plenty of options. However it is looking quite dated when compared to a lot of other Twitter clients. In other words
"The application is using approximately 80-100 MB per day downloading about 400 tweets which is unusual. I asked for help to support center but never gave me help or contacted me on this issue. Data monitors as ""onavo count"" and others warn about the data use of tweetcaster as data abuse."
Fun & Convenient
Images seem old and low resolution. UI needs update to ice cream sandwich standards.
I wanna be able to open my friend's tweet... Then I can give 5 star...
The last update rocks! The new themes are awesome. App works exactly like it should. Nice work!
I hate it
Doesn't load followers and always shows new tweets. Doesn't pick up where I left off.
Great app
"Tried to go back to normal Twitter app and only lasted an hour. Best twitter app I have ever used. Love the ""zip it"" feature. Def worth to buy without adds."
Simply amazing. Definitely a great upgrade from twidroyd
Would love to see some features added but overall this is a nice application. Even better than the official Twitter application in fact.
Best Twitter app.
Awesome
جيد
It's a coo app for twitter.
It is simply brilliant. I want it for my Linux desktop as well.
"I love this app
Had this app over a year. No problems. Constantly updating and no bugs created.  I recommend to all.
Was great but its been hit or miss lately for me. Tons of force closes
Amazing better than Twitter app.
"Since my last rating over a year ago
Definitely better than Twitter app
"Because of a glitch
"I have always liked this app
"Best Twitter app ever
"Ever since the last update which was the 6.8 the app is working
This is one of the best works good.
Absolutely the best way to get tweets! Leaves every other app for dead
Keeper
"Please get rid of the auto URL shorting
Still buggy at times but overall the best set of features in a twitter client. I
برنامج جيد
"It's not loading my followers
Compared to other twitter apps the best overall choice.
Nice App
"This is usually the best Twitter app out there
Its a lot better now but still needs work. Can you fix the lag and the start up time
Won't show tweets =( disappointed never had a problem with this app until now
"Doesn't update for me (only manually refreshed ). Evo 2.2 
No complaints here
Stick with the free one only difference is no ads. I don't get any notifications it sucks really bad I will be getting a refund and un installing it. Trash ppl don't waste ur money
Used to be a big fan... Now hangs frequently when posting...timeline updates slow
Best twitter app
Better than the twitter app itself
I've used several different apps to find the best interface for twitter and this is by far the best. Also well worth paying a few quid to avoid the ads.
Brilliant program.
Good app
After trying all other Twitter clients for Android came back to Tweetcaster again. This good app has become great in last few months. Few more features like 1.) Who favorited my Tweet 2.) Bit.ly api key function and it will become the best app for me! Till now  I am partially satisfied with Pro cz Pro needs something more.
Best twitter app I've used
"I brought this app specifically to support the developer and GET RID OF ADS. And today I see the app NAGGING me to download sportscaster. If I wanted to download your other apps I would have done so by myself. Please stop treating PAYING CUSTOMERS with such contempt and respect that we just want to use what we paid for without being nagged
Good app.
Why no more thumbnail previews for pics?
Love it. Looks and feels good on Galaxy
I wouldn't trade this app for any other.
Love it
this is the only app I'll use on my phone since I got into twitter .. so much better than the regular twitter app and very customizable .
Love it!!! Tried many other Twitter apps and none compare to this one. Better results if you purchase. It's affordable. :)
Kewl It works like a charm.
So far so good!
Best Twitter app I've used
This is the best Twitter app out there. Even better that the sites web site.
Nice.
It sure better then the other.
Love it
I like that you hide peoples tweets if you don't want to see them... Great app!!
Love Teeetcaster.
Great app
Never a problem since I first installed this app. It is worth every penny
"The best twitter application in Google market so far. I think there is a problem with viewing replies of those who you follow
"No matter what twitter app i download
These people listen to you and make changes quickly. Thanks. Now the best app for Twitter.
"Hands down
Latest version 6.7 suddenly not showing pics uploaded directly to Twitter via web in app. This is very annoying b/c it's the majority of images.
I love this app
Does everything I want it to do. Works great!
"I like the app: features and looks are top. However
Not bad pretty cool
I'm not sure whether this application or the official twitter application is better!!
Can't n Won't use another twitter app!
"One of the better Twitter apps I've tried in terms of functionality. Homescreen widget frequently stops updating
Great app
best!
whew! took a chance and so far no problem with avast. it was painful trying out the other twitter apps. so used to this. old review: had no problems until now. avast just found a trojan problem with this app. what gives? please fix
Really good app.
New tweeter this is great...
"Good Twitter app
Why is avast detecting a trojan virus out of nowhere?
This is really bad on the Nexus 7. The grey side panels take up a third of the screen for no good reason and lists open in the most ridiculous little window with even more wasted space.
Pretty cool
"Only thing left is to be able to see emoji 
"Best Twitter app I've used
Terrible GUI and 90% of avatar images/inline images never load. Very ugly app. Notifications don't work either.
Would love for the app to be higher resolution
Nice.....would recommend
Really nice app!
"Really nice app. It would be nice to have more themes with tablet version
It's cool
"I use it all the time
My tweet goes to newest tweet not where i left off...please change it..i hate this
When i push the button to make a tweet it takes forever to come up them im asked to force close or wait.
Delivers as promised.
But I hate that I cant see trending.topics at times.. Maybe its just me but normal twitter app doesnt do that. still.use Tweetcaster tho
Highly recommended!
Good app
"Man no other app is touching this one right now. Smooth
Timeline goes directly to newest tweet instead of the tweet I originally left off before. Please change back to the bright colors as well.
"The best
Love it!
Will not allow me to see avatars and keeps force closing
Seems to be working just fine on my LTE EVO 4G no complaints as of now so let's hope it stats this way.
Exelentte
Been using this app to dual post on twitter/FB for going on a year now. Still satisfied.
Works Great. Keeps getting better. Lots of updates
As above
"The tablet version needs to be able to collapse the side panes.  They take up to much room.  I use lists frequently and i find the list feature to small
Do not lose purchasing this application because it is really a good application. Recomended!
I got tired of using the free version with the ad advertising. So I just bought the Pro version and I love it. But the app the you love to use and help out the app developers.
"No issues
Awesum!!
... Twitter client for Android!
Ive tried all twitter apps this is my favorite & I've told others who also luv it !!!
Awsum app bro fully sic n dat! Get it cuz
"...but now
"I love this app! Waaayy better than the official Twitter app and all others out there. Love the update but I don't understand why I don't have a widget. I've restarted my phone and still do not see it. Please help
Add support for emojis thanks
Awesome
Very nice app great graphics & so many more options than the stock twitter app well worth the $
The error code :400 About the limte if can chang it ... Will be so cool
I have tried many different apps and have come back to tweetcaster. I Luv the zipit feature as well as the ability to change my color themes to make if my own. It never loses my position from where I left off in my tweets. Great app all around. :-)
Great app better than most
"Not really worth this price
Perfect
I will only use this app now.
Easily one of the best twitter clients.
Does what it says
Definitely beats the normal.app
"This app is great an indeed lives up to it's rep as one of the best twitter apps for Android if not the best and even though the version is good i really really don't understand the new very cheap looking options menu
Won't refresh on time and app forces shut but other then that love it. Can u make it better for android iceream sandwich.
"I love this app
showing wrong time with my device time. beside that...i love all.
Cool
When I refresh it automatically goes to the top. I have the new galaxy S3. It doesn't save my place in the TL!!!!!
I even paid for it
Sometimes laggy.
"Great twitter client; started using it on nexus 7 to replace tweetdeck because the tablet interface is perfect
"Terrible layout issues in portrait mode on a nexus 7. Lots of buttons and sidebars
Best twitter client. Has all the options i needed.b
Awesome!!
"Love the bubble theme! Only problem was
LLLLLLOOOOOOVVVVVEEEEE IT!!!!!!
Very personalized!
Great app!
Very much enjoy this app. Outstanding product.
"Best of all for twitter and the ""zip it"" should be available in real life"
"Highly suggest the paid version. I never used the free one
I've switched between tweetdeck and tweetcaster many times. Tweetcaster has them beat now. 5 stars!
Nice
"This app works great on my GNexus and TPrime. Not so much on the Nexus7. :-( This app will both install and NOT CRASH during runtime on the Nexus7. Tho
Works perfect for me.
I love it! It seems to get better with every update as with all of their apps.
Knocked a star off as it's taken over half a dozen attempts to update profile pic. Still the best out there
Nice real nice
I've tried em all and find this one to be the best.
Love this. Greatest app ever
Best Twitter client
"Like the look on my Nexus 7
This program barely loads.Always has issues.Its more of headache than anything.
Best client I've used on any mobile platform and even on the desktop. Cannot fault it at all.
"I may miss tweetbot from iOS when it comes to twitter clients I have high standards. I came back to this TweetCaster due to the Themes options. I also like slicer
They are constantly improving/updating the software. Works perfectly!  ;-)
5 Great Twitter App....a good suggestion for a future update would be to add the ability to tweet from the status bar without having to open the app
Haven't been able to open this app since the last update. Why am I paying for something that diesnt work? Uninstalled and reinstalled. Still didn't fix it. Want my money back.
Works perfectly. It does exactly what it says on the tin.
Must have app for all Twitterholics!
Should be official twitter app!!!
Awesome Twitter App!!
I've always been a huge fan but since the latest update it's done nothing but freeze and force close. Load times are painfully slow and menu buttons are unresponsive. .SG3
"Very great twitter client. Fast and beautiful with ""nearby"" integration.  I would wish to see ""radius distance"" included in ""nearby"" . A great app though and worth the price."
I like this way better than the regular twitter app. I can do way more with this one! I have a tmobile android G2
Love it!!especially wit the update
I have the HTC 3d just did a phone update now when I save a pic from tweetcaster is not going to tweetcaster folder can anyone help me out with this.
"Best Twitter app
It is Twitter client number 1. Enough said.
I love this app
nice app
The others didn't suit my taste
"This app i bought 3 years ago
its good
Best Twitter app in the World!!!!
"I was using Plume but since this is ICS compatible now
"This was a very nice app
Awesomeness!
Great for w.o.m.
Nice on the nexus7 but....  it doesnt keep the last read position which makes it rubbish
Very good app no problems
My mentions are not working and tends to just freeze up
"Super easy
"Does what it says
Its way better then the free twitter that's for sure.
Bought it a longtime ago but only recently went back to it for the new ics UI and it frees up some screen space on the one x due to the menu button being inbuilt into the app. Apart from that the customization is good and its smooth. My one gripe would be to have a theme in Yeh holo theme to fit in with all the other ics and jelly bean app ui.
Great on my phone.... But refuses to open on my android tablet..
The best twitter App
Try it
PERFECT
My app has been forcing close way too much. It used never to! & it takes a long time to even open & then to update & scroll. I've had this app for a yr & I've never had these probs.
النسخة الكاملة البرو.. فيها دعم للهاشتاق العربي،وتعرف مين تملك فالو،وتوجد احصائيات كثيرة مثل:من اكثر مغرد لديك عمل تويتات ومين اكتر واحد عملك منشن ومن عملك ريتويت وفي ثيمات رائعه..  للمعلومية هناك فعلا فرق بين النسخة المجانية والمدفوعه.. يستاهل بصراحه!
Works great but I guess it can always improve so that's why it's 4 stars.
I love TweetCaster Pro. I understand it better than the regular Twitter. It's a break down of regular Twitter.
"Serves all my needs as a Twitter user
Like i it
Fantastic
simply the best twitter app in the world
The competition doens't come close!
"Great app
Last time i checked.. tweetcaster will open to the previous timeline where i last view it.. now every time i run tweetcaster.. the timeline position is always at the latest tweet.. what is going on?..
"Cool app 
Awesome app
But the widget needs some love. I wish it showed all 140 characters.
Finally fixed the bug's
Best tweeter client I have found
No much different between paid and the free app
"Best app for twitter
"Since the update the app has been keeping my phone awake and sucking down the battery. Still getting wake locks even after the update. Only the last two versions have caused this problem
It should be called tweetblaster cuz it blows away thr competition. Tweetblaster©
one of my best apps. Very user friendly with minimal glitches.
"The best twitter app on the market hands down
"Finding it hard to believe this is the best twitter experience for a whole os.  Main issue is timeline marking and syncing. When you open up
Easy to use and gets the job done.
Best app for Twitter.
Love this app!
Nice and smooth. HTC One X
"I really wish Tweetcaster had a widget like Twicca
Worth the $5 to get away from the ads
Great app
This works great on my metro pcs android.
Would be z better app but most of the events don't even have the announcers which makes it hard to follow what is going on if your just listening to it.
"Buy tweetcaster pro. I love this app. I've used twicca and a couple others
"I've only had it on my phone for couple days but it seems to be running pretty good. I haven't learned all the nuances to it yet
I have always liked this app. Love the interface. Best twitter client I've used. Iphone users also like the interface.
Hands down the best twitter app.
Very good
The same stupid ugly popup.. Why not make it match the themes!? It's not even the same color as the default theme..
Disappointed that it doesn't go back to the time line of where you were if you go to a Internet page.
Great app does everything I need... EVO LTE
"Was great but now Not working/ refreshing through wifi 
Awesom app easy to use
I love this and much better than Twitter itself!
Getting better all the time
"Still the greatest app ever. But
The best Twitter client for Android. However I would like the trends issue to be fixer and I'll add the last star
"Love the app.  Would like to see the popup menu also match the theme color chosen too. Recently switched from iOS and was worried no android Twitter app would come close to Tweetbot
C'mon...typing a tweet is so cramped it's silly. Just go with a free Hootsuite instead.
"I liked the free version
Good app
"...but retweet with comment is broken and needs to be fixed asap. also the tweet input field is ugly
Would easily gets 5 if they improved the UI or added more decent themes
"This is my favorite Twitter client for Android
"i have tried  all the Twitter apps for Android (Plume
Good app. Its has nice features but a little bit buggy specially with the connections
Trying a lot of other twitter apps TweetCaster is THE best! I love all the functions and do not have any issues running this app. Amazing!  I like the ICS update.
Been looking for a twitter app that is easy to use and with more options. This app is great!
I love it
Dope like crack
"Since last update
"What the heck is with the new UI? Hideous color and fonts
Awesome!!
Just wish it wouldn't run so slow
Freezes too.much but other than that its good
"Where has the widget gone? Recently updated app
For some reason anytime I save a picture to the tweetcaster folder it does not display when I go back my gallery HTC sensation
The user interface is horrible for the nexus 7 in portrait mode. It's a little more tolerable in landscape. Need to fix. Looks fine on my galaxy s2.
Amazing must get if like twitter follow  me zrana21 and tweet me as well
"Since update
"Works really well
Thanks for the update - works with ICS fully now. 5 stars as promised :)
"Very slick twitter app. Direct messages are troublesome
After the update it got real sucky i cnt view pics & etc help!
"Tap on a tweet and flash back to the 90s. Ugh. The font is terrible. The theme (for Dark
"After the latest update
Much Better!
Easily the most attractive Twitter client available.
So much better than having free version with annoying banner!
"Should be able to give certain people their own color. Also
"I was looking for a great twitter client and I was amused when I found twitcaster
Finally fixed the Facebook issue. Five stars after a week.
The Facebook integration no longer works. Tried uninstalling & than reinstalling. Samsung E4gt
Doesn't let me sign to my face book please  fix
"...""find people is missing
constantly have to sign back in because its always signing me out within minutes and it won't connect to my facebook . please fix this problem ASAP
It's been very consistent on my Galaxy S2.. Love it!!
Love it
"Don't get retweet notifications in @tab for all tweets. Can see them in twitter website
"Great app
The only app that I use to Tweet. Excellent!
Pretty good
Needs major improvements!
Twitter must have
The best twitter client! Bought pro version recently to support such awesome work and the devs. Def 5 ***** star rating!
Works great on my desire HD but needs updating for the Nexus 7. In landscape mode the keyboard covers your text so you can't see what you're typing. Also the trends don't work' when you search the tweets are blank.
Love it!
"Perfect on the phone
This is by far the best android Twitter app on the market.  Does everything its supposed too!!!
I love this app so much I bought the pro version. I had an issue with signing into Facebook emailed the support team and had a response with in a few hours.... Amazing
"I bought this for my Nexus 7 based solely on the positive reviews
Awesome application just one issue can't connect to facebook though....
stable and relatively full-featured. a bit quirky at times but easy to adapt to. recommended.
Connection won't work!
It works well for me.
This app looks fantastic and runs super smooth on the Nexus 7. Don't really like the splash screen though.
"Fantastic
Update review - last few updates have brought it pretty close to its old glory. Great app again!
It can't connect with my facebook...refund pls!
Great app. Lots of handy features. Very stable. Used it on my HTC Desire HD and now my HTC One X with no problem.
"OK for some reason now when I tap ""Load More"" it loads more tweets but doesn't leave me in the spot I was in like it used to do when I believe it was named ""Detect gap"".  Now I need to scroll up to try and find where the hell I left off.  I paid money for this app to work like it should.  Now its useless."
Easy to use. Slick. Clean. Easy. Jus like my bitches
Please add theme support for tablets I will give you give stars when this is done!
Twitter app works very good and it has a lot of ways to be  customizable.
Do not buy this app for the nexus 7.it isn't made for a screen that small.also the ui is hard to work. Presses are unresponsive and simple tasks become complicated.
Great app
Love this app!!
I LOVE Tweetcaster Pro Best Twitter App Out
I paid for the app and it hasn't worked properly facebook is not connecting on evo LTE wasn't connecting to my s2 or evo 3d either
Efficient and reliable; by far the best twitter app.
Great app!
It works great. I love it.
This is my favourite twitter app.
U
I just have to say it works better then the twitter app. If you don't have it. What are you waiting for. Download & start tweeting now.
Slow af
I like it
Does exactly what it says and does it very well!
Best Twitter app I have used. Loads of options to do stuff you don't get on other apps.
No complaints
Awesome app
Sence the last update it's just bad.
Great
Decent but gaudy
Super convienent to me...I feel it's way worth the #...
I like this one totally worth it and it does everything i need
Its da best
Too trill
"""Top Apps"" button has no use in an app that I paid for. Will use an app that doesn't spam me."
Tried many twitter apps and always find myself missing Tweetcaster. Tons of features and nice design.
Anytime I try and tweet it takes at the least a whole minute to open up the text box...annoying as Hell!!!
The best Twitter client period
"I have really been enjoying this app
Best Twitter app ever
Nice ...
"Tweetcaster is my most used app
Great app very easy to use. Better than Twitter
Not worth $5
Posting to Facebook
Nice
Bought it because it just does the job
Well worth the money..
Great visual and intuitive display
يحتاج إلى تطوير و ترتيب أكثر
Great App! Could not ask for anything better! Very satisfied!
Best twittering app I've ever used.
Pretty good
This is the best twitter client I've used.
Great app
Very nice
Does everything I need it to to and does it well. The notifications are handy!
"Great
Great.
Needs a fast phone
1st class app that wipes the floor with Twitters own app.
Not playing nice with ICS. Refuses to display avatars on Galaxy S3
Really love it
Best app out there for twitter an now that it also does facebook statis its even better
"Works ok
"No competition
"Downloaded this for the Facebook integration in addition to tweeting. Facebook posts simply post to my timeline
Worth The Money
Helps me keep up while on the go. I use it on ALL my android devices
"Would like to see passwords when adding accounts
"Amazing app
Great app much better than the official Twitter app
"TWEETCASTER IS THE HOTS TWITTER APP OUT THERE IF YOU DONT HAVE IT YOU NEED TO GET IT
6.4
Great app!!
Best twitter app
Works fantastic on both my SGS III and my HP Touchpad c/w Cyanogenmod 9. Freezes in CM9 every so often. Will get five stars when that's fixed.
"I really enjoy the esthetics and functionality of this app on my ICS tablet. It's always high up there on my battery drain list though
Best twitter app by far!
Best twitter app out there. Only one I would use.
"Love the friendly user that is for use Lists
This was a great app until this last upgrade. You took away the jump to top button and replaced it with a sell you crap button.
The nicest app the nicest!
Love it
"I prefer tweetcaster to anything else. And I've tried to find something better
I like this app the beat but after agood recent update it restarts my phone if im on too long.
Excellent app
This app is simply the best Twitter app out there.
The best
"Does everything you want
Now I have a problem. My tweetcaster will no longer connect to twitter. #fail
not much else to say ;)
Save to SD card please? Widget needs to hide zipped people. Need to expand long tweets.
Nice app.
Latest update causes rebooting on my HTC Sensation 4G. Had to uninstall. Normally love this app. Will reinstall and re-rate on next update.
The best!
Great app minor defects but  overall the best n the market
"Highly recommend
Love it
I like it....Could use more theme colors and bubble messenging...But...the purple works cool for me!!
the last update is bad it take a life time to refresh the time line and when I post it took 10 minutes to send
"I like this app so much that I bought it twice: once from Amazon
Absolutely love my app hands dwn!!!
"Highly recommend it
This app
One guy developing Twicca can make a Twitter app that remembers your spot in the time line. Can Tweetcaster? No.
"Good stable app
Its good.
"The best twitter app
I absolutely LOVE thus app! Worth the $$!
One of the fastest and easiest to use Twitter apps! I love the interface & it doesn't eat up my battery
"MY FAVORITE TWITTER APP !! But ever since 6.3 update it keeps crashing my phone 
I love the features buuuuuut it foreclosures too much!!!!!! Plz fix. Otherwise I would give it a higher rating
"A new way of looking at tweets
ًbest
Keeps restarting my phone...uninstalled until further notice
Is really starting to suck and i hate that i purchased the pro version . Yall have to fix this . Its very buggy !
Phone keeps restarting with the latest update.
"Easy to use
Nexus
"New update is causing my HTC Sensation XE to crash/restart had to uninstall. Please fix
Help! Yesterday's update is repeatedly rebooting my HTC Sensation handset.
"I'm giving it an overall 5 stars because it is an excellent Twitter app. Would like to see color tabs added like Twicca has
I love this app the best one out there
All you need!! #EPIC #MMJ @UltraSonicHydro
Like the customization.
Widget? The widget disappeared! Upgraded to PRO and the widget disappeared. Please fix! 5 stars when it stays!
Great app but latest update keeps resetting phone. Sensation XE.
Fantastic. Does all that I want.
Great app to use unique ui
Still good but could be better-where are new follower & retweet notifications?	There needs to be retweet and new follower notifications-even the stock Android app has that. Add these functions and it'll be a vast improvement.
Get'n Better
"The app isnt updating DMs nor giving notifications for DMs. Also
Updating always fails now
برنامج رائع وسلس وخصوصا في عرض الصور
"I used the free Tweetcaster for quite awhile.  I couldn't see paying for it.  But
Great app
Can't go wrong with this one.
Easy to use with several widget options - nice.
Good app.
Love this app! Easy to use and no problems.
This is definitely the best Twitter App on the market most features nicest look and customization is nice. Very user friendly as well
Es una app cojonudo
Love it!
Good
Tweet Castor makes tweeting a breeze
No complaints. 10/10
"It worked perfectly for a while and now it won't open at all. When I ATTEMPT to open it
good
Wow
getting better but still dont receive dm notification quicky
"It is the best twitter client available for android
Best twitter app
"Honestly
"Thank you for bringing back the ""Jump to the Top"" button. I have really missed it."
Works like a charm. Worth 5 stars. Does much more than the others.
By far the best Twitter app. Follow @RaysAddiction
I appreciate how well it works and how easy it is to use. Easier than the twitter homepage in my opinion.
Best Twitter App out there by far. Smooth interface and design. Easy to use with lots of features. The original Twitter app should follow and have this apps features.
This app is very easy to use and so doesn't get in the way
"Really good app
This us by far the best Twitter all out there
Best Twitter app out there
"Good app
Awesome!  Love it can't live with out it!
Love this app. More features than any other twitter app I've tried. Can keep up w my Twitter accnts & monitor my kids in one place. Works perfect on my HTC EVO 4G LTE
I am not a big twitter person but love this app!
"Been using it for a month and don't have many complaints. The only thing it lacks is TweetDeck-style columns for following hastags
"Goes back to previous inputs ( Bio
Great app!love it or dont just zip them
I love it gives you much more than twitter alone
The best.
Tweetcaster FINALLY got me interested and involved in Twitter :-D
dl this app with every new droid!  love it!  love it enough i paid for it this time!
THE FOLLOWERS LIST AND WHO I'M FOLLOWIN WON'T LOAD....KEEP SAYIN FAILED TO LOAD....FIX PLEASE
Has not loaded on my Thunderbolt for a week now.  Forecloses every time I try to open!
Perfect twitter app!!!
Badass!!
Hands down the best twitter app out there.
Great
Love this app.
Brilliant. Used the free version for months but have recently paid for the full version. Couldn't be happier. Must have app for Twitter users.
STILL Keeps freezing up and foreclosing. Dont pay for it. The free one is better.
"I decided to try out Tweetcaster. I liked it and upgraded to Pro on the free app. When I reinstalled my OS
"I've used several apps
Just once in awhile if you shut phone off it crashes you have to reinstall it
What else it's there to say...
This is a really great app! Loving it!
Best there is!!!!
HTC EVO
Best app for Twitter
It sometimes just closes out.. But is a great app other then that.
Makes following trends so much easier along with finding other people to follow near ur location
This is a real good app
... at least that I've tried so far since moving from iPhone a few months ago until now (June 2012).  TweetDeck gaining ground with recent updates though.
Apparently has ad network connections inPro:( Has problems with poor internet connection. Hangs up.
Stopped posting to Facebook &it won't allow me to login to Facebook.
Please get rid of this ”rate exceed limit” everytime I go to trend topics. Also it keeps failing to load my followers. I didn't pay this version just for this to happen!! FIX PLEASE!!!!
We need a notice that tell us who unfollowed
"This is less useful since FB integration was removed. Not interested in their Facecaster app
Very good but occaisonally freezes which is irritating.  For me the PRO version is not much different to the free version. Bit that could be me doh. !
Great UI and amazing customer service!
Trending tweets don't show up. After selecting a trending hash tag all tweets containing that hash tag show as blank. Xoom 4.0.4
"I have been using this app for quite a while on my phone
"Beautiful Twitter app
:)
Great app
It's good
"Although I wish the tablet version worked in precisely the same way as the phone app
Just started using Pro and would recommend it to anyone. Enjoy!!!
Very comfortable and functional. Please add progress bar to loading pictures for those with slow connection. Thanks!
However I'm noticing an error 404 message when creating my smart list. Otherwise the best Twitter App!
Could you add emojis so we could see emojis that iPhones tweet. That would Be awesome
Best around never have any problems
"I've tried Seesmic
"Would get 5 stars if could translate
Awesome app. I love it much more than the official Twitter app.
I've used a few and tweetcaster works great! Nexus S 4G ICS
"I don't usually purchase apps..but when I do
Why won't it let me upload pics????
I love it!
__
How many times do I have to report a crash before they make an update. It takes forever to load and crashes. The only way I can use the app is if I hit wait instead of force close. I'm @NFLRT so I bought what I thought was a heavy duty twitter app but it sucks. My phone is rooted and still cant handle this app.
Good apps nice n charm
"II like the app
Ever since the update it gives me a protocol msg after I tweet for 10 minutes or even I'd I haven't tweeted at all
"Great app
Love it
"Full featured
"Reliable
TweetCaster is awesome and easy
Better than any other twitter app
5 stars... and I I've tried all the twitter clients
The best Twitter app by  far!!!
Despite  of force closing I love this twitter app on my Dell Streak 5 ! ! !
Best app
Liste oluşturma özelliği güzel. Bazı islevlere erişim daha iyi olabilirdi.
LOVING it so far...
Has come a long way.
Very impressed - a huge step up from my previous Twitter app. (the rubbish Peep you get as default on HTC) you can do basically anything you could do on the full site. Definitely worth the few quid - most would spend this on.a coffee every morning!
"everytime i end the task
Automatically record..hastag..name..anything..nice!
"A little faster than the free one
Great app... IF u tweet...
One of the best app
"Works well for me
من أفضل برامج تويتر الأندرويد.
Its cool
Way more options than actual twitter app. Love the dark theme.
All good. Much better than the twitter app.
It works well for a couple of weeks then I have to uninstall b.c it force closes without opening. Retweets should be displayed in the @ mention column. Color coding the tweets per user would be nice as well. And a real in app browser that shows more than the mobile page:) paid $4 for this app... I deserve it.
My widget disappeared and I can't find it.  Someone please help.
"Please fix the detect gap
Best twitter application so far.
:))) Love it!! Droid Razr
"Where did the ""Jump To Top"" button go? This scrolling all the way up is annoying."
Excellent Twitter app for Android
"Best twitter app I have used! Lots of features
Excellent app to use for social media. No advertisement banners here & easy to navigate. You can also customize settings. I love it
love app need cooler themes though or tweetcaster theme maker
"Best way to keep up with the news
One of the best approach ever!
That's the twitters twitter ;-)
"First time I've ever upgraded to the ""paid"" version of an app. Totally worth it."
"If twittering is your thing
Great for Twitter! Best of the best
Good app
"Can login to FB - but it only state as 'success'
The best twitter app
I'm waiting for a Holo ICS style interface to give it 5 stars.
Ok good
Better than Plume IMHO
Perfect. Allows you to queue tweets!
This makes twitter better.  The pro version without ads is much more responsive.
"I was supriced how sluggish the performance was on my Galaxy Note compared to TweetDeck. It also randomly stopped working on background
"You know I like the style and the look and feel of this app
Love this app. Its a must have f/ any android user!
"Stock twitter works better... sad
I love the fact that you can see instagram pictures right on the tweet.
"I have tried every twitter app. This one has the best balance of features with ease of use. Worth every penny. Would like to see custom LED color
My fave twitter app with functionality & layout but having trouble with my notifications....I either dont get them or get them very late. Tried uninstalling & reinstalling but no change. Also it wont let me update my profile. -motorola photon
Plz add a mute ppl option then this would be the best twitter app
Nearly perfect.
Could be better..could be more user friendly though.
It says `Failed to connect to Twitter` please help
They have a photo plug in for this that awesome as well.  Just need a translation plug in / feature!
Best Twitter app for Android. HOWEVER...remove the ugly bird!!! The menu icon makes me wanna use another app. Not kidding.
I have used several other Twitter programs and this one is by far my favorite. The interface is very clean and easy to use. Works great on my Droid Bionic
This Apps So Awe awe awe awe awesome. .......I'm lov'n it >_<
"Seems great
"With the recent updates
A great twitter client that only gets better!
keep it up
I can't believe  I used to use the Twitter app! I upgraded to the Pro version of this within minutes of trying the free one.
good job
Nice app
Best Facebook app out there!
Great app.
"Best twitter app there is
Using the premium version. No issues. I love it.
Best twitter app once again!
Glad I bought the paid version. But why is it everytime I go on lists on my tablet it force closes.I can't see my lists at all and its aggravating me.
No jump to top button?
"Love this app
برنامج ممتاز good
I paid for this app to remove the ads but sales pitches are still on the menu instead of useful functions. This is unacceptable.
Needs full on push! !!notification service it's ok not the best and your face book is utter rubbish want a refund!!!!
Its pretty cool
Memory usage can get very high. Please allow a limit to stop this
"would like to be notified when someone retweets
I enjoy using this app over all of the other twitter clients. Much more configurable as well.
"I love this app alot
The best twitter app for android
Great apparently! Can't. Find 1 thing bad to say about it. Worth the money.
"add sys phnbk contact sync
Works fine
I love it!
One or 2 minor usability niggles. But otherwise good. I've paid more for worse.
Keeps you updated better than Twitter and it doesn't run the battery down too badly so good job.
The app is nice but it could use a few updates. The bubbles should be able to have color customisation and a full screen widget like Plume.
Nice interface and features to the app.   One of the best for twitter use
The old version used to have an option to jump to the top. This new version doesn't. If I don't like that out was taken away.
I bought the pro version and it goes so slow and crashes frequently.
Except it takes a long time to load followers
Awesome app
Loves It
Very good
"...the widget won't update on Samsung Charge. Thats kinda the whole reason I got it. Way faster than Twitter app
Everything is great!
Don't know what I would do without it!
"Would give 5 stars
Nothing bad to note.
BRING BACK JUMP TO TOP. I've got many many followers and having to scroll to the top manually is a huge pain in the ace. Bring back this feature Please!
If you use Twitter this must be your Twitter app. Worth it.
"One of the best twitter apps out there. Pls incororate the menu button in the upper bar
Why did you take away the option to jump to top of twitter feed?!?
This is a good program that does what it claims.
"No other Twitter client can top Tweetcaster Pro
Great app
Brilliant! The added options to twitter make this my absolute favourite tweet app!
"Great features
A very easy to use Twitter app. New features com all the time. Highly recommend.
Great app!
Cool galaxy s2
"Took away ”jump to top” option
"I'm a recent iPhone convert
I wish this app can share to google plus but other then that its a great app
Only complaint is I wish I could see when someone follows me! Please tweetcaster?
"This is by far the best Twitter app! It does everything I need and more. Also people
"I used to love this app it was brilliant. Now with the latest update the best feature that it had is gone. ""jump to top"" where's it gone? Sort it out!"
Simply the best twitter app but get rid of your link to other applications and pug the jump to top button back... Use this every time I open application!
"I used to love this app
Almost prefect but can be more interesting if the developer provide a simple and formal themes
Awesome app
"Even when you pay for this app
Great app can't change profile picture though.
Awsome but wish you put back that jump to top in the menu section. I used that a lot instead ov scrolling
Please don't upsell us in the paid version.
Best twitter app for android
The Timeline rarely holds position after long periods of inactivity. Issimo & Plume both do this flawlessly. I want to like it.
I don't over tax the program. Fairly simple ideate of it
"Nothing more needs to be said. It's simply great
This is by far the best twitter app on the market. The only thing I would like is a notification for new followers option.
"GREAT
Works well on rooted nook
The best!!!
Love this app! I would advise anyone to use it. Very sharp
Love this app. Thank ya Jesus.
...so good
I was so happy with Tweetcaster Free that I just switched to Pro. I don't yet use all the new bells and whistles but thought that I should reward the developer. And ad-free is good. I've tried most of the rest - this is the best IMHO.
This has a good interface and does everything I would want a twitter app to do.
It keeps crashing! Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1
Really awesome twitter App
Great app.
Just reinstalled but when trying to sign in the account it just continually states failed to connect with twitter.
So many more features than the native Twitter app!
Works great on my Rezound but always crashes on my Xoom.
"favorite twitter app. I like the themes
Too good to be true. But it is. ^^
Best twitter client out there tried them all!
Love it!!!
I would give this app 5 stars if it would maintain my position within my timeline.  Otherwise I love it.
Nice at first use
Great app! Very simplistic yet has much info. Customizable. Just wish the tweetcaster logo didn't have to pop up for a second when I launch the app. Worth the money.
je capote!
It's irritating me its force closing all day I'm going to uninstall this junk
I'm always on the lookout for a better Twitter app but I always come back to tweetcaster
"This is my favorite app for Twitter. However
I love this remember everyone trade a smile today and change someone's life.
"Latest update has ruined it
"Recent update has lots of FCs on ICS and the tablet version thinks it's a browser
Best than
"Ever since I updated the app to include 'My Stats' everything has been running so slowly. The lag between tabs is driving me crazy
The best twitter application I've come across.
Works great!
My favorite twitter app used to be tweet deck but this has taken over as my favorite. Love it
"Really love it
I luv it.I'm nit picking when i say that - 2 different accounts should be separate. I posted to my other account by accident - iphone app example
Why won't my following/followers lists load? I use this app all day long. Never had a problem until today. Please fix.
I absolutely love it
Best twitter app I've used
This has it all. Point and flick. Every thing is easy to use. By far better then the original Twitter app. This is a must have for any Twitter user. Buy it you will not be disappointed
It won't let me load my followers up. It keeps saying failed load data. Other than that it's great.  HTC sensation
This app is amazing! Keep it up! I do suggest I black and pink theme though. Girly thought.
Best Twitter Client Out There reviewed them all
Love it
Solid
The best app for twitter in Google Play
I Love It
Excellent product and new upgrades/features Rock!
"Being new to tweets I need all the help I can get. Easy
Very nice app... Had to upgrade to pro tho cause couldnt stand the video popup
Best twitter app.
Very good but new followers/new followings do not show up unless app is shut down & restarted.
Best Twitter management app out there. Great customization options great interface great way to Tweet. Just get the pro version. What are you waiting for?
Love it!
Best Twitter app ever!
"Very nice app. Easy to use
Great App I have tried others and really like this one!
No complaints
I love it but I do hate that the sites for where the pictures are stored keeps changing. I don't know anything about those sites so I'm not sure where the pictures are going and who can see them.
Works like a champ
Just wish the tablet app let you change themes!
Good app
Better navigation than any desktop version!
I love this app but it wont load or anything. It doesnt get past the tweetcaster page with the big blue bird. Anybody else have this problem? at me on twitter @Nikki_no_Minaj_
"It's a great app but it keeps failing to load those I follow and those I follow
Good
Wouldn't be without it!
This works for me.  Job done! Even better since update well for me anyway.... Why don't you decide?
"Seems to be working well
Just get it
Great Application.
"Price has improved
It's the best one out there. Tried them all and this one is still tnt best there is. It just works and works great with tons of features.
Keeps crashing. It was fine until the other day.
Needs better implementation of TweetMarker - still not syncing between phone and tablet.
"Tried rehab
Best twitter client out there except for the new and improved crashing. Sony A tablet. Can't seem to come out of sleep.
Great
Best twitter app period!
Best client out there
The best twitter app so far. Luv it.
Hi Hi Keep making it better. Thanks. Love it.
"As stated in the headline
Its pretty cool could use better colors
"Perfect app but with the recent update
Works as advertised highly recommended.
my favorite twitter app. so complete... and i love changing themes. maybe add new ones? thanks dev
"I absolutely like and prefer TweetCaster Pro as my client app for Twitter.  Everyting has been working great
"I could sign in to the regular Tweetcaster fine. but when i bought this one
"With new update
Great update
"The App was better when you were able to post over 140 characters on Facebook
The only thing missing is the ability to post to Google+
Love it. Just add emoji plugin and it'll be a full 5 stars.
Great app
This is by far the best client out there! Post to Twitter and Facebook easily. Please add Google+
The best twitter program I found yet. Has all the bells and whistles you need. Love it...
"Tried several of the other Twitter apps out there
How to I add new lists I haven't quite created yet? All-i- all good stuff. Awesome updates. Good if u don't like mixed view acc like some clients do.
Pictures rarely show up on tweets. The photo tab rarely works. The app lags and ICS things it crashed.
Handles multiple accounts with intuitive ease.  Nice customization options too.
By far still the best Twitter and Facebook app
I would def recommend it to everyone
When trying to tweet it will sometimes have a delay to it and I have to uninstall and install it back to stop the delays. That bug needs to be fix. Other than love the app
Great
Add Emoji plug !!! It would make the app 100 times better
And the first I installed on my new phone
Works great. I'm loving all the new features
Samsung Captivate. Ok its working now. Note: you may need to un-install install @least once  wk; def. Once a month. Use to Wrk better needs update I guess.
Using the recommended apps 2nd time around. So far not one problem. Loving it!
Had to go pro! Worth the money!
Hands down a great app with awesome ui and highly customizable
"Love it!!!"""
Good
The best
This app i love it purchased the pro
I like it don't seem to have problems with it
Kool....
I have used many twitter apps for both iphone and android and think this one is the best.
Best Twitter add-on available.
Switched phones lets see so far so good 1 more star
I love this app buti can't send updates to facebook
Period!
Much more stable than Ubersocial!
Love this application!
Awesome app is awesome
Does not work with ice cream sandwich.
Just a great alt to boring stale twitter ap. Looks wven better on a tablet too.
Add emoji support
Great app
Does everything it says and more! What more could you want?
Does the job and does it very well.
Must have for Twitter.
"Awesome App
Nice!
Had free version and broke down to purchase ad free Pro version.
Grrreat!!!!!
After using its free version for along time. I have decided to buy its full version. Really great app.
I use Tweetcaster all the time. I love it.
Best out there... Update the UI like you did for Friend casters pls.
Beats the hell out of the official app. Multiple account support is a must.
Like thisss
this is the best.. :D
Tweetcaster is the best app for Twitter....don't settle for less
"Please make push notifications! I really love your app but it checking my tweets all the time kills my battery :( Official app has push notifications
Great app buy it
The zip feature saves my sanity on a daily basis.
"Minus one for the relentless 'rate this app' requests before I've had time to really explore it
Works perfectly on one X.
I wish Twitter's site was like this app.
Pretty good app so far
"It's Verry good
The best twitter app
It is good.
Awesome app but it seems I just paid 5 bucks to get a whole heap of issues that don't exist in the free version! WTF!!!
Wonderful app!!!
Very good twitter app
Best twitter app
Got this from Amazon fpaotd and these guys wont update a fix for it oh well on to plume I guess Samsung infuse.
V good
On there market
I like it
Best twitter app I have use so far... but... Y cant u customize in bubble mode...
Great app for Twitter and Facebook updates. Only wish i could view wall posts from Facebook like Tweetdeck does.
No other App comes close to this for using your Twitter account
So much better than the other apps...and no ads.
Excellent!.....
No issues at all. Works brilliantly. Best twitter client I've used to date.
ihave no complaints except that fb login says 'success' but the screen sits idle &never actually logs in. &too a backup/restore option would be nice.
Love it to the fullest
"Been happy with the performance of this app for over a year now. Started with the free version
Great app!
Hands Down the Best out here.
"Fast
Every app has pros and cons the occasional freezing and bogging down is can't detract from all the great features.
"Best Twitter app there is.  I actually swapped to iPhone before you had an app for iOS
"I wish we could preview links
And easy to use.
"Very love this app. But I can't save pict as I do in other twitter clients. That's why I only give 4 stars. After all
Does what it's asked to do..flawlessly!  Thanks
please add the features for a new follower and who retweet me. :) .. so far tweetcaster is the best for me. Thanks
Better than real twitter app
"Love the app
"Best widget I've seen on ICS
Love it
Awesome app!! My fav one of all
Best twitter client for android
twittin great tryed most of the android twitter apps. have came back to this 1. best all rounder. top marks :) nb: marked down...cracks appearing....small but irratable :-(
Perfect for a twitter noobs like me. Love the layout and all the options. The way twitter should have released it
Unfortunately widget is completely useless on my Asus Transformer Prime running ICS. It doesn't refresh automatically or manually after clicking refresh button. Disappointed.
Instagram : soobilly
"Like I said
Have tried all of the apps for twitter on my phone and tweetcaster pro is by far the best
worth purchasing!
Great Twitter programme.
No more good words for review this app!! You're amazing!!
"Awesome app
Nice
"Ya
"FC when ""take photo"" and please fix the shortening url..."
Perfect
"Best twitter app I've tried. If your Facebook login fails try ""use the alternate login""."
nice
"I originally used this app on my Droid X
Love it
Pleaseeeee update to where we can see interactions such as when people favorite tweets and things like that
"The app itself is great
Best on android!
"I used 2 other apps prior to using Tweetcaster. Tweetcaster is far superior
Bought the Pro Version and it has become my default Twitter app on the Nexus S 4G!
Best Ever Twitter client on android :-)
color tabs for certain users would be awesome. well rounded app overall
This is a great app for twitter and sharing with other social networks
Nice interface i wish the app icon was cooler looking though.
Can't change twitcon
"I bought the application and loved it until the last update. Now I get an error everytime I try to tweet
The UI could be a lot easier on the eyes. Other than that the functionality is great.
By far the best Twitter app I've used on my HTC :)
Outside of being locked out again & again for exceeding some 'rate limit' I've never heard of before I love it.
I'm liking the interface on tweetcaster epic 4G Touch
Needs to be more efficient when uploading pics and videos.
I'm new to Twitter and Tweetcaster has made learning easy and fun.
If I can see who retweeted me without having to go to my profile to look who retweeted me . Please change that ! Thanks !
Execellent app. Been force closing lately so needs fixing. Great app otherwise .. follow @mr2kool80
"The perfect twitter app. User friendly
I love this app for my sgs2 but on touch pad it fc too much makes it unusable
"OneLouder always delivers quality products. I'm using TweetCaster
"The new update is great. Love it. So far
Annoyed that timeline doesnt stay where I left off. Automatically goes to top to most current tweet
My only complaint was fixed with the last update. 100% perfect program for twitter.
"I like using this better then getting on the PC and tweeting.  Awesome app
Its okay..
"Love Tweetcaster Pro
Favorite app
Grabbed this app for 99cents during Google's promo a while back. What a steal. Best Twitter app by far. HTC Evo 3D
"Starting to dislike this app. Everytime my phone restarts
Baaaree features
Best twitter app of all time an is always updated in no time if theirs bugs an always prefer this app over the original twitter app #so worth the download
HTC Evo 3D. Won't open at all and force closes after a minute of trying to open. You guys need to update asap.
Needs color coding for different users
Best twitter client ever!
Best twitter app! And trust me I've tried them all.
So really great app!!
Twitter app out there I love the themes
Solid Twitter application. Would like to see an in-app browser.
Best Twitter app around.
Bought it and wish I hadn't. Widget updates when it feels like it. No SPAM control.
Everything is great!! Just need more themes!!
Minor tech issue at first but smooth now
Works great on Visio Tablet
I love it!
Much better than the Twitter app!
very nice
Absolutely love it! So much easier than being on the internet!
Love it runs smooth
The best This is the ultimate choice for people who use twitter all the time
My favorite. O:-)
Great
like this app! Very nice
Does what it says on the tin.
"So far
Every time I try to leave app it force closes when the latest tweet is one that is zipped. Otherwise it is working great. Please fix! Galaxy Nexus.
"Just like the MIZ
Love it
I have used the pro version for 1.5 yrs with no issues. New updates have ruined it. SLOW. CRASHES. LISTS ARE A JOKE.
Sick
"Great app but now I can't share my posts with Facebook.  What's the deal?? How do I fix it
If it didn't force close all the time it would be 5 stars.
Very slow now! Can't do anything! Wait almost 20sec for app to open GalaxyS2
Works perfectly on my samsung galaxy.
Still need notification to show on ALL tweets.
"I keep receiving a protocol error message. I don't know what the deal is
Great twitter app and I've tried em all this has everything you need +posting to FB!
Like it
Nice app
Cool
Widget on ICS is getting trouble
Even better with Read It Later integration
Love it. Way better than the other twitter apps
Really improved my Twitter experience
I love it even more with the new features. It gets better and better. Keep it up!!!
I really love this application (*^_^*)
Hands down the best all around twitter app!! Love it..
Love it! Only issue i ever have is sometime it wont let me retweet and it gives me an error message... Other than that its fine
Timeline is excellent.  My first truly tweeting experience.  Much better than stock tweet app.
"So far works great on my HTC EVO & Samsung Galaxy Tab 7.0""."
"With Twitter buying TweetDeck
Very nice
"I just bought this app( samsung captivate)  and it keeps telling me that it can't load tweets
"At first it was terrific
"Unable to login to Facebook!! It just shows ""success"" but doesn't login. Please make it right asap.  I have tried so many twitter clients but this is the one that's close to perfect. Please add ""Smart Filter"" in Lists."
Much better than the standard twitter app
Paid to not have ads. Worth it.
"Like it but... I wish the Followers/Following lists would appear in alpha order. Also
Now I get tweet jailed/rate limit all the time cause it won't actualize right. It really sucks since it changed. Guess I'll stick to twicca. Change it back please I used to love tweetcaster before the changes.
This is the best twitter client that I've used
Very Nice
I think is the best Twitter app available in Android. The only thing I'd add would be the option to see who mark as Favorite your tweets and who followed you.
works well
Best twitter app on Android.
Craps all over the Twitter Android App
My fav twitter app!
"Can't see trends on my Samsung Infuse 4G. Other than that best app out there
I like it
Very Cool & Awesome...I'm falling in love with this app  ^.^ xoxo
best twitter app ever! sheesh!
Doesn't keep last viewed position when restarting app. Moves to top of timeline.
Best Android Twitter client out there. I've used them all but keep coming back. I use it on my Android phone as well as my iPad.
Best twitter app ever!!
Still force closes too often. Samsung Prevail. On my iconia tablet it force closes AND I can't access my lists at all
Perfect !!
Great App! Always dependable.....TweetCaster Pro is even better...
Almost got a great app but I don't get notifications ...why ? Please fix this and you get 5 stars
Awesome
Great app. Wish you could Tweet rage faces directly from the rage faces app w/o saving them. @dapenizmightier
Twitter client. G2x and tf201
"Quality APP
Love it
I love it best app out there for twitter
Simply the best no doubt!
The best there is!
Cool
My favorite twitter app by far.
I loved it until latest update. Now it freezes up a lot. Reinstalled it twice. T-Mobile G2
Used to love it but now it seems slow and Facebook login does not work :0(
"Everything works just won't let me log into my facebook
The best twitter application ever!!! Actually deserved more than 5 stars!
love this twitter app
Great app - best I've used for Twitter. Love the different backgrounds. Highly recommend the paid version
Great
Best app for twitter that I have tried. Much better than tweet deck.
This app is one of the best twitter apps on the market..... If ur a music head its the one for you...... @5stars_Up #Aight
pls add reading mentions for honeycomb
*****
Love it
I love this app. 5 Stars
I love this app. Better than any other I've used. Worth the purchase
can you compare it with seesmic? i think seesmic is better...
Best Twitter app
Best app
doesnt tweet at particular time i put in. have tried several times
Cool app
I sugguste to add followed and retweet notifications
no doubts
Best Twitter app hands down!
HTC Explorer
"I find this app 100% better than the Twitter one
The best there is... Grate on your mobile and even greater on your Tab ;)
Does everything I need it to do. No lag. No complaints.
Use it daily. No complaints.
Best!
"The best combined Facebook and Twitter app there is in my opinion. Feature packed
Great App!
Would b even better if I could see emoji!! Thanks great app @mamis_blessed
Best twitter app ever !!!!!!!
Anytime I flash a new rom this is the first app I download.  Always has new updates and many theme available for your likes.  Running on my galaxy nexus
Great app. Keeps me in tune with friends and everyone im connected to
"This app now somehow knows my location and only gives me people tweeting in the local language which I don't understand...I need the English category back
This it the best Twitter app by a mile!
Why do you want to read my calls??
Still in the top two Twitter apps out. Gets better every update.
"Have rated 4/5 because there is still great room for fine-tuning the UI. The matte black et al are great directions - congratulations.   In lieu of multiple themes
"best twitter app i have tried. Smooth functions
Awesome
Awesome
TweetCaster Is Good.. But It'd Be Much Much Better If It Had Retweets And Favourite Notifications :DD
"Been getting random followers & spam tweets
Excellent
"Love it
"The widget doesn't seem to be updating
I like it. Very useful and easy to use. And integrates very well with Twitpic and twitvid.
A few things need to be corrected. They should have a picture viewer like the website and fix a few bugs.
Good so far.
so light but really need picture preview to work on all picture uploading services.
Just u can do anything!
Great app. All the features I need. One request: please add a quote (old style retweet) option.
what a great app
Want to like it but can't post simultaneously to Facebook.  Customer support says this is a known problem with my phone (htc inspire) but no fix.
"Great potential
"App only allows user to perform 350 actions per hour (viewing profiles
"Compared to Twitter's official app and Plume
Great app I love every feature coming from twidroyd this is everything what twidroid <--- use to be before it got messed up it seems like ever since the spelling changed it went down hill from there
Can't connect to Facebook
Very cool app. I Use it most of the time
Way better than any of the other twitter apps  I tried.
Better
It's a really great apps. Comparable to twitter for iphone! Love it!
This is the best twitter app out there.
Beat twitter app on market :)
"Probably the best Twitter client ! Very nice UI
Best twitter app this is!!!! Worth the money!!
Tried most of the clients and still can't see further than this one. I could add a whole host of reasons but for me it just looks and works the best
Needs more customization!  Perhaps pictures in your background
Intuitive and great aesthetics.
"Love the look of the App
Needs more themes/color
Awesome
Best twitter app
Tbe best
Money well spent if you are planning on tweeting your days away. In all seriousness this is the best app for twitter o have come across
Best twitter app!!
Just love how complete it is! Tight Banging for sure!
Recent update reorders Twitter names in Reply to all such that the person whose post you're replying to appears last rather than first. Really annoying.
"It just stopped alerting me when i get new tweets
"I love the customization it offers : theme
By far my favorite app. I actually use Twittet more because of this app
I prefer this to the Twitter app.
Fantastic.
Its good
Can access the photo or blog easily
Awesome app.  Easier to use than I imagined.
Good
What more do I need to say.  Well worth the $ I spent!!!!!!!!
I JUST bought this app and it keeps giving me protocol errors and won't refresh...I'm so disappointed. What crap.
Good app
"Used to love this app but recent upgrades for the tablet have not been good.  I now have white text on white background.  Can find no way to change text
Best twitter client with lots of features.
"I haven't used many other Twitter apps
Pinch and zoom please
"No ads
Excellent Twitter App
Keep closing app....need update to fix this problem...usually great app tho
Execelent
Best Twitter App. So user friendly. Love it. Had no problems at all.  HTC Desire HD
greattttt appppppp :)))
Supa dupa. Best twitter app.
This is one of the nicest twitter apps out there....i bought the pro and im glad i did..works great on my droid 4...
Great! Perfect! What can I say? I've tried Twitter and other 'Twit-clones' yet this one is by far the best with the most features and less problems. Fantasti
"Literally everyday around 8-9pm I can NOT see who RTs me
"If having issue logging in to post to FB
Number one twitter client app on android! Well done!
Perfect twitter app. Easy to tweet and search
The best twitter app on android
Great app eva
I think it is wonderful
Great app.. love it
It constantly forcecloses and I can't even use the thing. I want a refund. Seriously. I wanted to give it 0 stars but it won't let me so the 1 star I gave it was just to put this comment up. Signed super unhappy customer.
Best app ever
Awesome.  No more need be said.
Absolutely luv it! Best Twitter app
Well worth the money.
So u guy wont fix the fb log in issue ever? It has been broken since last update....
I love this application. Very simple to use and customize.
"Would be great to to see pinch to zoom on pics
Dope
"so easy to use and so fast on the Droid Bionic
"Most entertaining
Great app. Love the zip feature.
I really like it but the only problem is I cant view the trending topics most of the time.Other than that its a great app.
Best twitter app out there
This is one of the few products that i am so satisfied by that im willing to go out of my way to say so
I use this program on my tablet as well as my cell phone.  Love this program!
Does not hold place in timeline when closing/opening app. That is a deal breaker for me. Otherwise its a nice app. Galaxy Nexus CDMA.
I'm deducting 1 star a week because on my tablet i can't  see who retweeted a tweet but can do this on my phone. This is a big deal for me! Sort it Out! And I can't add people to lists on my tablet!
Tweetcaster is the greatest for a on-the-go individual who wants easy access to their twitter accounts as well as facebook status updates.
Works great
I like the app but it would be a bonus if this app had the features of TwitBird.
Where widget?
"By far the most adaptable
The best!
Tried everything! Use this on my tablet and phone
Good app
Bravo !
Has great features. Easy to use.
Great app.hope you dont disappear like Plume!
"Very functional and easy to use - I just wished I could combine the ""clean"" look of the official Twitter app with the functionality and features of TweetCast!"
Fast interface and works great.
It's the best
Love it
Nice
The best Twitter client with lots of features!
Fun and great way to stay connected with friends!
Great app
Best twitterr client
Tried all the twitter apps and this is the best one. Favorite feature is being able to merge a list into my timeline.  And the zip feature is very cool to quite those that flood your timeline.
Love it
I just wish it could do push notifications. That's the only improvement I'd need
This is the best Twitter app ever.
Best Twitter app. Ive tried them all
It's one of the best!
I like it its real gud tho.. I would like to see different colors on it tho for ur tweets or mentioned and  direct message.. and that you can change ur own color
"Manage lists
Love it
Fast refresh along with multiple acct capability and ease of use makes this the perfect app.
Thought this was a nice app until I used it on a tablet.  Even better there. Nice job guys.
Pros not worth the money
My pics showed on the free version but not showing on the pro...FIX ASAP
Excellent app fast and smooth
No need to say. Simply the best
Best twitter app I have used
Lack of push notifications is the only thing holding this back
Top marks. Awesome app
I would have given it 5 stars but the Facebook plug in does not work.
"Very good
I like it a lot it just needs more accuracy and to be faster.
I love this app!!
Good
Should have an option to disable refresh on launch.
Love it.
Best twitter client by far
Miles ahead of any other clients I've used.
"Awesome twitter app
The Best!!!!
"Great features
Has problems refreshing  automatically on Droid 2 but still definitely worth the buy
Best there is
"Until tweet caster came along I was a twitter crapster... Lost in the quagmire
Much better than original twitter app.
Can't steal pix like on the regular twitter app w/o a screengrabber!
Amazing app. Much more user-friendly and reliable than the official Twitter app.
Has everything I need as a Twitter newbie
Ad Free is wonderful. Love the zip! Have had NO problems. Overall Best Twitter App I've found.
Great app
Can't twitpic
"Well done
Has one major bug: does not remember position of tweets read vs unread.  Also needs ability to switch tweets to earliest first.
جيد
Absolutely awesome
Innovative and progressive. Great app! Buy it! I did...
Whatelse
Best Twitter App. Hands Down
An app that works.. Updates fb twitter with no problems!
Really enjoying the new updates.
Great...droid 3
I might have to uninstall because tweetcaster pro is not refreshing my tweets at all. Plz fix
App keeps freezing up and force closing on my droid2global. Sent developer emails. Nothing done.months.
Fmot @kevkrouse
Excellent app
"a lot better than the stock twitter app. And even the browser one. HOWEVER
Best twitter application ever!
Love it! :p
"Easy to use
Love it!
Best ever!
Tried them all. Tweetcaster is the twitter app. Leader
nice little app. does everything it says and has a nice interface... thanks guys!
I love it.....so easy to use. I like how I can update my profile from my phone
"I love this app
its A LOT better than any other twitter app out there!! :) (Samsung Galaxy S II)
"Great features but Plume have better interface
"When I first got on Android in 2010 I didn't care for this app
Outstanding
Love the app just a few bugs tht need to be wrked out.  However all in all love it!
No complaints.
Only problem is the app crashes when trying to use the mentions tab on an ics tablet
"Great app
I like and enjoy this app. Works well no lag or freeze ups.  I recommend
Love dis app worth the money
Nice UI.... great functionality...only issue I personally have...more times than not doesn't pickup where left off....
"Best Twitter client I could find
Possibly the best twitter app for Android.
It fixed the issues back to being great
Should not be so many bugs for a paid app!!!
. The best application for twitter is this thanks
FoLlOw M3 Ladii_CeCe
No complaints
Easy to use! Appealing to the eye
THE BEST OUT!!
"If it only would remember my timeline position
Best way to Tweet!
"Much fun and shenanigans with 5.6 and the new speak a tweet feature. I'm loving it
BEST twitter app for Android....period!!!!
Better than the official twitter app.
Full Function App that is easy to use.
Please add push notifications like Friendcaster app.
"It's very stable. Everything is working as it should. I wish it could have more minimalist look with less bars on the top and no bar at all on the bottom which would make more space to read the content. TweetCaster widget could be better to
An option to view retweets/favs would be great.
Fantastic customer support. They answered my question very fast and very efficiently. Many thanks!
Best android Twitter application.
Love using this app! Has features that I don't even use yet!
Damnit
Great app!
I think the look can be updated but it functions better than anything else.
"Have tried them all and this is my personal favorite. Bought it to get rid of the ads
"has very nice functions
I work this app hard. Hasn't let me down once. Depend on it for everything. Highly reccomend it
Great twitter app I bought the full version. Samsung Galaxy S and tablet 10.1
Love it
Works great on my Samsung Galaxy S Captivate
Excellent app great features.
Tweetcaster & Twicca are the best twitter clients for Android
can't link with fb! uninstalling..
Get it guys
"Tweetcaster
"No question. If you're using something else
Love it just change the icon to something new lol
This is alot nicer for sure.
"Dont instal twitter official app
Love it!
It works great on my Sprint Galaxy S II :)
Best mobile app for Twitter! Luv it.
The bugs need to be addressed but overall it's a B+.
Easy to use and not a resource hog...
Love it more than any other. My only wish is that they would introduce a favorites tab like UberSocial or Tweetcaster.
Is my phone other than the few times its force restart my phone the app is easy to use
"use this app all the time
Easy!
Needs activity/connect tab like the official twitter app... then it'd be perfect
"Tis very good
Brilliant app
Best multiple social media updater I've used on Android.
افضل برنامج لتويتر في الماركت
I love it no foreclosures no ads better than Twitter for Android and much faster on my HTC Inspire.
Just purchased pro...loving it just as much as the free version...still rocks on my EVO 4G and very easy to use...
Wish I had more customizations like smaller font or more themes...
"A great app
Great app!
"Love the app
It not opening for me anymore fixes this dammit
I like this very much.
Great :-)
Works ok
Didn't know this app was optimized for tablets. Runs perfectly on my Asus Prime tablet running ICS
Nice app
If you like this check out friend caster for facebook ;D
"- works well
"Great apply
Best app for twitter.. works bombski..
Love it. Trend topics won't open..  need to fix for milestone
Works well! Very user friendly
Love it. Just wish you could swipe down to refresh. Update on 12/10/11. Can't update the app. Package file not valid. What? Update on 1/28/12. Update issue was because of conflicts between Android market vs. Amazon apps downloads. Love this product!
"Easy
Dope.
Love this app! It's the best!
It's ok. It can be better though.
Tweetcaster...fookin' awesome! Love it!
Nice
Please can we have some of the theme options on the tablet version that the phone app has. I'd like to have the option of a timeline with a dark background.
Самый любимый твиттер клиент под андроид!
Very pleasant software to use and to look at with the built in facility to change the colourskim to the one which pleases your eyes!  I fully recomend this software.
Good not great
Best twitter app on the Market ... love the new updates .... thanx ...
Works great !
A lot better than others out there.
Works Great
Quick updates a.d. easy referred Get it!
"Need to fix a couple kinks other than that its cool
So far...so good.
"its a good twitter app
"Everything I love about Tweetdeck + more features & a better search
"Should be able to freeze this app
Great and user friendly.
Have not had any problems with this program! And love the layout & themes.
When it doesn't take forever to load other peoples followers then it'll be  5* !!
Very good.
"When retweeting with comment no space before RT is provided. This causes keyboard punctuation
They seemed to have ironed out the bugs!
Awesome works great Samsung Infuse
Looking for an update....keep up your great work :-)
Like it a lot.
Excellent! Thanks!
"Great app
"Have version 5.5 full version
I bought this app for my HTC evo and when I tried to download it on my Epic it says not compatible. I rooted my phone. Is that why?
love it
Twitter App constantly crashes. Tweetcaster operates beautifully
"Awesome
Awesome app! Above and beyond!
I'm unable to log in to FB now :-/
Nowhere near as good compared to the Apple version unfortunately. When will Android finally receive the respect its due? This is not a value purchase.
Best app for tweeting
"If it provided a way to send delayed tweets
I like it juss freezes to much but nuffin bad where yu cant enjoy the app. Which it had a Notification when sum1 stop following yu lol
"One of the best twitter apps I have used
Love the app
Best app for twitter
Great
"Great app
I have tried the different apps for twitter and hands down this one by fast beats them all!!!
Been missing tweets lately - just updated and now widget not working. Otherwise been good. UPDATE: now lags and force closes endlessly since updates.
Please just add tweetdeck style sideways swiping and it will be perfect.
Best Twitter app. Force closes have been happening more since the last couple updates though
Great app.  Really enjoy and rely on Lists feature.
Very solid overall. Customer service is excellent. I wish you could merge mult account into one timeline however.
DO NOT PURCHASE! Lag is terrible and you must Force Close constantly. The only way to fix it is to uninstall than reinstall but will go back to lagging in a few days. DROIDX2.
YEEEEAAAAAA
"Honestly I love this app
Great app!
"The new update causes it to freeze up
My personal favorite
Wish I could get it to post my tweets to Twitter and Facebook simultaneously.
Great App!
I'm loving it!
Good app I love it
Still has the edge over Uber with a cleaner interface.
Nice
Will there be any update related to emoji??? It would be nice >< but so far nice app..
Love the new features. Fantastic app
I've tried them all and tweet caster had the best impression on me.
Chingón
"Very good app
Love it best twitter app out there. So many gud featured on it.
Its a great app it works great love it!!
its pretty good .
Best Twitter client
This is by far my favorite social media client. It has always been rock solid and is constantly getting new features. Tweetcaster FTW!
Graphically not as smoothe as the official twitter app but more user friendly.
An excellent app that's worth every penny.. Buy it!!
Maybe better with integrated browser
I'm an author and use Twitter for marketing. Tweetcaster is a smooth fast great-looking app! I love it and reccomend it!
No longer remembers my position in timeline and constant lag when using app
Great easy app
No issues so far. Nice modifications.
Lacks a report spam option. Doesn't pick up where you left off on your TL. @AngelBeingAngel
It's an excellent app
Great Twidroid = 2 Plume = 4 Tweet Caster = 5 stars!!!! Great Job!
Best twiter app
Is anyone having issues with the keyboard freezing after posting a tweet? Just started upon update. Incredible 2
LOVE IT!! just wish u could read the twitlong with out links like PLUME
And its been worth every penny so far. Works flawlessly w/ Droid 3
I LUV THIS APP!!!!
Great app.  Support team leaves much to be desired.
I only wish that they would update their Amazon version as much as the google version.
It great for duel posting mutiple Twitter accounts + Facebook. Not so great with uploading pics.
Better now force close issues havebeen resolved. HTC Desire.
Love it :-)
Saria Please FIX THE LAGGING IN THE APP......IT GOES SLOW WHEN TRYING TO TWEET...
Best app for twitter imo. Great job just update for Amazon should be faster. I wait sometimes for more then a week to update my app.
DO NOT BUY! Literally every other day the app stops workin and you have to download another one until it runs again.
Works like a charm!
I have yet to see another app compare to the clean look and usability of Tweetcaster. Worth every penny.
5 stars
Great! Love this app.  best hybrid fb/twitter out there
But I would love the photo previews to be better with pinching and zooming. Also auto-expansion of t.co links needs to happen.
Not only does it work exceptionally well with a great UI. It has great multi twitter account acceas
"This is well worth the money. On the recent retweet feature
... And I've tried many. Intuitive and legible- everything I want and need in a Twitter app.
Love it!
My favorite Twitter application. Developers are constantly making it better and more user friendly.
Twitter client period!!!!
Best there is for Android for users not wed to push notifications
It keeps saying error n wont let me follow people back that followed me. It was fine!!!
"Love this twitter app
Way faster and smoother than the native app. Money well spent.
Brilliant app - love it!
"No matter what phone I have (blackberry
Keep updating
"This app is terrific. If this app added different fonts to choose from and had a more polished interface
"Just bought pro. Too make it the best app
"I was using the free version for awhile
I paid more out of gratitude than anything
It just works very well
"Good app
"The timeline -still- scrolls to the top after the app updates automatically. I mean
"I do love this app
Can't RT my friends who r private not cool
"Love the features of this app. Stability on Ice Cream Sandwich is a bit of an issue
"Stopped working
The best twitter app around. Only thing missing is the option to save tweets to the outbox when you are of fly/ in airplane mode.
Love it. Best android app for twitter.
Best twitter app for Android devices
Best twitter app available. 5 stars
Works like a charm
The native twitter app doesn't port to SD card. Tweetcaster does. Sold.
this is a great app!
Excellent App!
I want my widget option back! other than that I love the app
sucks that can't RT private profile..otherwise it is awesome!!!
Very simple and reliable program for keeping up with twitter and posting to facebook. Only problem is it won't RT unless I RT with comment.
Application....
"Yep
best twitter app for android
Great App!!
i use this everyday. Follow me beanybirocha
All you need and its quicker than twitter with multiple profiles B-)
"Love it
Great app. Thanks.
Awesome
Dope fresh.  I Digg. Follow haze_therapy
I am new to twitter so I am not sure was I should be looking for but everything seems fairly intuitive.
Best twitter app!
LOVE this app!  Makes Twitter even more addicting!
"Great App My favorite Twitter client
Lots of choices for twitter apps. You can't go wrong with this one.
The application is alright but can use way more features. People's icons are blurry. You should be able to see the people who retweeted your tweets.
Fantastic! I love it and would highly recommend it. Very easy to use. Love the simplicity! Very user friendly.
"Just moved from ios
Best Twitter App! Excellent Twitter App! Great Twitter App! The best out of all the Twitter apps that I've tried!
Awesome
"I have bought & used nearly every Twitter client on iOS and this is on par with the best of them. Tweet context menu could stand to be iconized
By far the best Twitter app I've seen
Amazing twitter apps.
.
So much better than the twitter app!
I like how I can post to both accounts at once! I like it!
Nice
So easy to manage multiple accounts.
Excelent! !!
Really nice.. Just need Push Notification and auto read long tweets..
Great app
Nuff said.
This does what it says and more!
Just needs push notifications
Best Twitter app at present. Zip It feature is very useful at times
"To get into settings and remove taskbar notifications
"Excellent application for Twitter
"I enjoy Tweetcaster
Why I gave it a four because you keep giving me an error force close thingy its a good app love it but fix this force close thing
The best twitter app I've used.
"I love the program
Best twitter app out there.
Guys Great app However where has the widget gone?
This app updates consistently. It has great Facebook integration and it gives multiple options for customizing your experience.
... Unable to update. How do you update an app that's been paid for if the Market refuses you?
Tried out the others.  This is by far the best!
Its a good app but every time I load my phone up the widgets not there.
Luv the app from top 2 bottom!
Love it best Twitter app I've  tried.
If I could rate it a 6 I would. Good ap.
Love this app!
So good I got it for free from Amazon and then paid for it from the market.
Happy
Best twitter app ever. Leaves The other apps in the dust.
Beats the heck out of the current twitter app and it brings me back to what I used to have ( the ability to see tweets by AND tweets to your favorite)
Add google plus support and allow users to switch accounts by swiping right and left or some other way just as easily
Back to awesome after update...
No even close.
Best twitter app period.
Add ability to see who retweeted/favorited your tweets and I'll give it 5 stars again
Awesome!
how can I change sound profile to tweet?
There was a placeholder for the last tweet you read. Otherwise GREAT APP!
Best twitter app I've seen.....tha updates help keep twitter interesting and fun
A nice interface but still not possible to display multiple accounts in a single timeline.
Sometimes do force closes ...Awesome apps overall !
GREAT APP
Love using Tweetcaster. Best Twitter app out right now.
Keeps saying package file not valid for update! Fix it!
Great replacement for the new unusable Twitter app. Keep up the good work!
I love the full featured package of tweetcaster. No twitter functionality left out and it all works! I especially love the search capabilities.
This app kills the official Android Twitter app in terms of functionality and customization. Especially the inclusion of a dark skin to save battery.
"I've been using Tweetcaster for several months now. I like it so much that I'm now upgrading to Pro
Great
Love this client:) dnt think just fo for it..better than any other twitter client in android market:)
Essential 4 me.  Thanks.
Nicee
Finally perfect!
Great app worth the money!!
Worth the price.
Wicked App! I use it daily. You should too.
This app is great to me.
Enough said!!!
Great!
it!
Good tw-eat
I finally am a master of lists!  Thanks Tweetcaster!
BEST THERE IS OUT THERE ! ALSO FRIEND CASTER HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
I love this App!... If there was only a way I can approve my friend Request from Here that would Make it 10x better...
It doesn't work on ICS.
"This app does it all
La mejor aplicación para tweeter
Best twitter client out there!
best one for twitter
Other than that killer app
"Good app
"I was a loyal UberSocial fan when I had a BB but now that I have a Galaxy S II X
But it doesn't properly size on ice cream sandwich! I can't use it!
"I can't fault this app. It's as user friendly as it is cute. Expensive
"The best Twitter app out there
Hands down I love this app. Follow us @worldofcinema.
A lot better since those annoying ads are gone!!
Tweetcaster is THE best app for twitter...love it.
Best Twitter app on Android!
I prefer Tweetcaster over regular Twitter or other similar Twitter apps 10:1.
Pretty Cool
"No ads
Force closes when uploading picture from Gallery.
Well worth paying for
Would love it to fall in live with tweetdeck or HootSuite
This is the best Twitter app on the market. To the developers; well done and keep up the great work.
"I had it on my iPhone and went back to Android
*
"Impressive
Love it! Best Twitter app I've tried
This will flood your memory and space quick. Helpful. To retrieve tweets not DMs
Love that you can see replies and conversation threads. Way better than twitter app. Pro version on gs2
Best Twitter app ever. Best 4.99 I've spent.
I've tried them all. Tweetcaster takes the cake. Rezound
Great app Great app Best twitter app hands down
Awesome app~
. I love it! Best twitter app
Good
Very good!
"I cannot get any beeping notifications to work
This app is pretty cool. Especially the friend groupings
18 months using Tweetcaster and never got a Forced Closed message. I prefer it over all other Twitter clients.
"Best app I've tried and trust me
gooooood
"Other Twitter apps and the official one can only dream to be this good. I always expect something great from one louner and their "".... Caster"" apps."
This program is great!  I was having al kinds of problems with my twitter app.  This program is so good that I paid for the pro version.
The only thing missing is the ability to approve or deny requests.
Tweetcaster is absolutely amazing. Its the only application I use on my phone for Twitter. Lovin the updates also. Should really make a desktop app.
"Can't fault it. Individual timelines are my bag
"There are many problens with the latest update on Droid X2. Drops followers
AMAZING!!!!
At first it was okay but then lately the timeline just wouldn't update. Now I'm using my desktop twitter client to keep up to date with my timeline.
"Love it! However
"Not sure how this app can be improved
But I didnt find how to click on #s
Does what it says on the tin
The best
Yes Great!
"A lot of benefits over the regular Twitter app
"Had uninstalled this in favor of TweetDeck
Love Tweetcaster
I love this app!!!
Många vettiga funktioner men kraschar en del när man jobbar med egna listor och servern ofta otillgänglig. Annars överlag mycket bra.
Great on droid X and now on my HTC its excellent quality and layout. Would like it to have multi account capability if it doesn't already.
Include the ability to separate mentions and retweets and this would an easy 5
"Seriously
"Love the app. I wish that I didnt get so many ""protocal errors"" when trying add ppl to a list. I also feeling like the Direct Messaging could be more"
"Great app overall
Best twitter application ive tried. Nuff said <3
Great app
"I love it
New tweets or tl wont always load
I love tweetcaster
Very nice features and appearance.
"Was working great the first day
"Mauled layout and constant network errors. Shame
"Missing some features that would make it more useful
The best twitter app. Needs more color customization and themes though.
Snappy with lots of features... if it has a scrollable widget it would be the best app
I used to love this app until it stop letting me RT with comment users who had their tweets set private . PLEASE fix myTouch 4G Slide user
Love it
"Contextual menu (replies
A great app and paid version is definitely worth the price. I've remained loyal because app does what it says it does and is continually improved on.
Way cool!
Love this app!
Best Android Twitter app by far. Worth the money for Zip It alone.
New update has been corrected!! Works well again!! Thank you for the corrections!!
Would get a fourth star if you could color your followerd with unique colors to identify then easier.
Sooooo easy to use !!! I love it
Awesome
Love it!
It's pretty good! I haven't found any major problems with it that I couldn't handle. Worth the buy!
Nice Very nice. Just needs preview capability
Perfect thanx
Would be great to be able to customize more or have more themes!
I love the list feature!
Awesome! The Best...
Love it!
lumayan lah
For twitter
Excellent
Had to start using tweetcaster when I switched to skyrocket tweetdeck wasn't working anymore. I absolutely love it...so far!
Good stuff    .
Great app!
Amazing twitter app with a lot of impressive different things you can do compared to regular twitter app. Smaller font options would be great though
Impressed.
Get the PRO version and live ad - free.
I love this app! I only knocked it down for slow G+ integration. Come on Tweetcaster get that 5!
Last update resulted in failure to send tweets and not able to refresh timeline. Uninstalled.
Nice app so helpfull
Beats twitter for android hands down.
Wayyyy better than the twiter app
Love Tweetcaster!!!!
"Keeps Freezing
If you add more themes.. I would ADMIRE THIS APP! I still give it 5 stars!
Kuwait Briliant
"Now that I'm used to this app
"Just do it
"Broken after update
Slow terrible upgrd Constantly freezes has to wait or force close on almost evry tweet didnt do that b4
"Love it on my tablet
Used to work great but now never keeps timeline & resets when returning from a link.  Reinstalled & still NG.  Uninstalling.....  Epic 4G
Great app!
@kiingdavid21
Perfect
Like a charm this works. Have recommend to tons of friend
I love it....
Has worked for me for almost two years - great app which is always updated. Used on HTC Incredible and Moto Razr.
Truely a great app
Would like translator though
"The Pro version never has shutdowns like the ad version use to.  Great features that make Twitter much better. Almost 5 stars
Retweets Still not mark my retweets!
Best Twitter App slow at times but that not Apps fault and  wish u could add followers from phone again not App fault
Thought it might have been slightly better ...but over all very good :)))
"Great
The best
"I have tried
Ok... But it really needs a way to approve follow requests...
"Loved it@ first now not so much!fix! @missasif follow
"It doesn't remember where I was last at
Good Love it. Great app!!!
"It does what it claims
It Keeps Crashing On My Tmobile My Touch Slide.
"Really easy on the eyes
"Works really well
Bs a lot of the time
Love it. Follow me dat1dude2be
Say it as it is: #Incredible
Like
The best app for tweet
I m loving it. Just wish u could accept followers
GREAT!!!!!
"Dig the update
Nice
Should have different themes or skins for options
Love it
I liked everything but it more forces closes when I try to look at retweets
Minor issues but still the best twitter app around.
Works very well. Especially when you have multiple accounts to update as it allows easy switching between accounts.
"Error 400
Works well. Handles multiple twitter accounts well. Would give 5 star if there was more granular control over updates and notifications.
I paid for this app and I can't see my new followers it dosen't refresh at all please fix.
"The newest update is awesome but I wish you could see who RTs your tweets
يستاهل التصويت العالي
Fookin awesome ;-) The app n onelouder! Recommended :-)
Excellant!
I like it! Nothing to complain about.
Force closing when trying to OPEN app?!?! Terrible update.
I like it. Hasn't let me down.
Best Twitter app bar none
cant zoom in on an uploaded pic or avi pic .. i keep getting an error message for no reason and it refreshes when it wants to .$5 wasted. update plz!!
I luv it..just needs to show when u have request..if it does it dont see it on the Evo shift..
"Best twitter app atm. Needs better themes
I absolutely LOVE tweecaster  PRO. The app is wonderful. Best buy yet....
Best App for Twitter
Like!
Fab..
Very good app!  Highly recommended!
So I won't!
fix it... force close force close force close!
Poor quality
Love this app enough to buy it. That should be all you need to know.
"LOVE the Zip it feature Best Twitter client by far! Excellent app
Great Twitter app but you can't stop the darn thing from vibrating every time a new tweet comes in._
I love it
Great app
Simple to use and good features.
"I can't choose my location I want for trending topics. If it had that option it would get 5 stars. Twicca has it
"I'm happy that I can do everything from this app
Evo~ no complaints at all
Best
often stuck
Tight
All smiles. No complaints. I bought pro because it worked better than expected. EVO
"Well worth the price
Best Twitter app. Period.
Loving the new layout and because of the improvements I bought the full version SGS2
Now that it shows RT its perfect :)
new update keeps showing that protocol error. ugh. that is the most annoying thing ever
Best Twitter app out there
The best Best Twitter app on Android by far. HTC Thunderbolt.
"As a newcomer to Twitter
Nice twitter app This is a sweet app. Only thing is that you should be able to swipe between different screens insted off pressing softkeys.
Great app
The best for me!
Awesome product
Awesome Very good
"""Move to SD Card!"" enabled.. I'm so happy I think I'll tweet about it!"
"Without doubt
A++++
Fav twitter app
"Does everything I need. Truthfully
Why only load 50 tweets at a time?
"Great
The best out there
I love this app.
Everything is good. At first it kept forcing close but haven't had tht problem any more.
"""Tweetcaster not responding"". All I keep getting since latest update."
"Looks good
Awesome.......
Fixed the retweet errors. Tweercaster best twitter application for Android!
Love it!
Love this tweet app!
...but the force closing when you try to view retweets is not cool...
"I like the changes
Force closes on retweets
Good Geoffrey app!
App keeps locking up...gets stuck processing tweets and has to be uninstalled and installed again to fix. Otherwise its pretty good...
Finally gets pull to refresh which is great news. Still the fastest twitter app available and I've used them all.
This is excellent and very easy to use..
It is better But it force closes when checking for retweets
It's the best there is.
Using tweetcaster i deff stay in touch wit friends and family over the world...
Perfect... Except it won't post my tweets to FB anymore...Annoying
The only way to fly!!!
@ladyyshea a little buggy lately. Still an awesome app.
Works for me
Never stop using it.
Couldnt live without it!!!
Great Twitter app. @ShunFetti recommend this program if u enjoy Twitter.
Preaty awesome
The best I love this app.
Love it! Worth the price alone
Works for me on HTC Desire. No force closes. Would like bigger choice of skins but that's picky. Great app.
Nice tweeting software for all my tweeting needs sgs2
No other can compare. Looking forward to more features.
App will not refresh & am now getting ads all this after update...please fix ASAP or refund my money!!!!!
"Makes sense in all the right ways. Well worth the money for no ads. Bravo
Nice...
"Works great all the time
It has been months since the app no longer saves your place in the timeline. Latest update didn't fix it. Tweetcaster is a pain to use w/ this broken.
"love the integration with facebook.  Nice UI especially on Honeycomb tablets
After buying this app a chick blew me solely due to having this. Hummmmmmmmmmmmmmm.
"Not the best
Best Twitter app
"Privacy alert! New version wants your phone status and identity
Keep up the good work.
Good on HTC EVO...
constantly force closing!
Far better than Twitter app from Twitter. Just wish I could rid of the stupid ad line added to my tweets.
Good app and widget. So long as you say no to their One Louder twitter spam
"Great app
"Am I the only one that notices that the large widget doesn't update on it's own
Love it
I enjoy this app and the smart lists. My only complaint is lack of a scrolling widget. I would rather see multiple tweets at once
Great apparently for posting to multiple twitter accounts and Facebook!
No complaints
"Great
Yeah I like this twitter app...finally!
Easy to use and a versatile program.
Great app !! On LG P-500
Awesome App
It's gotten slow and riddled with force closes. Unuseable.
Greats Beats TweetDeck hands down in my noob opinion
Just what I was looking for in a client. Interface is easy and attractive.
Won't update. Says updated less than a minute ago but all the tweets are from 3 days ago...
"what's going on. However
"Genius twitter application
Works great on w DX and very well on my TouchPad considering I'm running Cyanogenmod7 Alpha 2.
Probably the best twitter app it there. The display is great and the functionality is smooth.
"Good app. Great interface. One complaint
Easy to use great UI love it
This is a horrible app ! It always fore close and im mad i paid money for this dumb app !
Great app.
"Great app 
Astounding app.
Love this app! It would be nice to view who retweets my tweets.
Finally able to install since roming my desire to 2.3.7 for anyone on 2.3.3 email the developers to get this fixed.
Great twitter app! The best!
Best twitter ap
Best twitter appi have found thus far
Love this app
"Sometimes it acts up
Everything I wanted from a twitter client and more
Does a great job! Love it!
This needs a new update. Since the last one it keeps force closing. Lost count of the number of times i've had to uninstall then reinstall!
Great works good needs friend request tab
Awesome app
Love this app...but I'm not getting notified of @ mentions. Please fix...thanks
Best twitter app...PERIOD
Love it!!!!!!
Lately its been getting stuck and giving way to many error messages
Solid app.  Works as it should!
Couldn't be happier. Stays up to date. No bugs or FCs. Love it.
$ well spent
I love this app
Not notify of @ an mention on Motorola ATRIX was then stop please look in to
I like this app.........
I currently have the fastest phone on the market (bionic)  - it doesn't get any better for software to run on and still this app diasspoints.
Best Twitter app yet
Great app Great app Awesome
"Photo uploader takes a while when using Lockerz
Amazing buy but please fix all the bugs :)
Works like a champ!
Love it. So easy to c&p a post and share.
Moves too slow. The old version is better.
Works great! Haven't had any problems. I'm a casual tweeter.
Changed from 1 to 5 star. Finally installed on my phone. HTC EVO fresh 4.2 or Android 2.3.3
Great app.
By far the best way to enjoy Twitter.
Love this app
"Killer Twitter App for the Droid X
Best Twitter app I've found so far.
"Top class app
"Was using the official twitter app
It would be nice if it had more themes like purple or pink. The blue is kind of boring.
This is the best twitter app hands down
Cannot fault it
Great app! Best twitter app out there! Finally got app2sd working!
Love it
Great. Easy to use. Tried several apps and this is the best.
Nice
App won't open after last update...
Awesome app...love the lists and just simply works
Its actually better than the original twitter app
Much better since the upgrade. HTC hero
"Can't log on now. It will say that I'm logged on
Hasn't been working for months. Can't login to twitter :(
Love it ...much better than the comp
"I love the app but  it could be improved like a button see past tweets 
Amazing twitter app. Have always used this app even after trying to find one that compares to this. Very heart broken that the widget is gone now.
Super fast
It won't open on my evo 3D
Add SD card support
"The price to high
Cannot open from shortcut or apps list since upgrade.
5 stars again now that it can be moved to SD card. Far and away the best Twitter app for Android.
"Very good
Now it can be moved to SD card 5 stars best twitter app around
Previous problems fixed and back to working great. Excellent twitter app. Thanks!
Indeed
"The update problem with the Samsung Galaxy S2 seems to be fixed. The App is excellent
I love this app. I would be cool if it was easier to view the people that you follow and your followers.
Somethings It Be Hitting Me With These Error Messages But Other Than That TweetCaster Pro Is #Legit
Love the whole experience of tweet caster easy to use and well worth the Pro price Thanks can't wait for the updates !!
Sumtimes wont send the tweet and whenever I change my profile pic it sets it as my phone wallpaper and sent a random photo in my phone.
Easily the best twitter app.
Best twitter client!!!!!!!
Great
Good
"I tweet about 40% of my day away and use TweetCaster for about 95% of that. It
"I hate thinking I have a text message when it's only this app telling me I have unread tweets. I read them when I want
Awesome
It does the job!
Nice app!
"Over the years
Far superior to the original Twitter app. Very nice. Recommended.
Miss fox
Best twitter application
Love it
I have no complaints! Best Twitter client for Android!!! A++
Tried some other apps and none were conparable to the functionability of this one.  Very easy to use and great features.
Very nice! Had to get premium.
Its usually pretty good but its stuck in the update queue
Haven't had any trouble!
Does most things well.
Awesome app for tweetheads
I loved this app so much that it became the first one I paid for.
I like. one of the better Twitter apps for Android I have used. will rate 5 stars once I'm able to translate other languages.
I absolutlyy loveee this app
My go-to Twitter client.
"This is one of
Love the app can access very quickly... A must have if you use twitter alot
Awesome
Doing Great!
Please fix!
"The what's new description says the timeline issue is fixed. NOT SO. Still doesn't save my spot in the timeline
It was between this or Touiteur. Touiteur is actually really good - this is just prettier. :)
I wish it had an option to move it to SD card.
Bomb!!!
Love it!
Best Twitter app for Android! I bought the pd version for no ads. Works great on Eris
Halley Images Liking it much better than twidroyd....
"Loving the app so far y'all
Used to be great.. until the update I had today.. now I can't open the program at all by clicking on the icon on my screen.. please fix this. HTC EVO
"Create list feature helps with following and grouping multiple similar sites
"After upgrade
Top!
Great twitter app. Integrates pics and url's easily and reliably. Handles multiple accounts. Everything I could ask for!
I think it's an awesome app!
I've used almost all available Twitter apps based on Android. Tweetcaster definitely is outstanding among all others.
Very good
My favorite Twitter app. Works great on GalaxyS phone.
Great app.
Love everything about except wish I can accept request to follow me and to put names in order on following list
Love this app was using the free version and now I've gone for the Pro its awesome. Latest update won't allow shortcut access. Fix please
I must've used all the major Twitter apps for Android and Tweetcaster has been the most solid.
Best Twitter app. Droid incredible.
HAVING MAJOR PROBLEM WITH PROFILE PICS SHOWING UP AND PICS IN GENERAL...HELP
Back to it's good best! If it had an option to see who retweeted your tweets would be 5*
Nice. Wish it had more options to change colors and personalize. D
Very good. I like it
Works great on my Thunderbolt.
"Great app! The best one I've used so far. Nice interface
The only way it could be better is if I could see tweets I post that get retweeted
Great app!
Works great for the most part...at times my TL refuses to refresh
Easy to use
Best twitter app
Good
It wouldn't let me even log in Smh the free one didn't give me that problem !!
Does what I need. Would like to see FB and G+ streams included one day.
I deployed and came back and I still love this app... Thanks!
Best twitter app ever ! G2x
Great app. Works a tweet err...treat! :p
Stalls to often... getting tired of installing and uninstalling
I love how it remembers what my last read tweet was. Very attractive program on the Samsung GS2 Epic Touch 4G
Great for controlling multiple accounts and receiving updates across all of them.
It sucks now. It has too many problems
Much more stable yhan tweetdeck has been.
"Other than it freezing
AWESOME!
wont post to facebook often
Best app for twitter
"This is the best looking and functioning twitter app I have found on the android market. So much so
Love it!!
Best tweet application for android made
"I have tried others
"I've tried a few different android twitter apps
"So far so good. This is a great app. Mostly intuitive
It'd be nice to have a more organized way to mention someone like a.buddy list and also see their twitpics on their profile. Other than that awesome!
One of the best twitter feed readers I've ever used. I completely uninstalled tweetdeck because of this app.
"Luv this app
The best
"Its very convenient. And easy to learn. :) doesn't crash
Gr8 app 1 of the best I have used
Best twitter app!!!
Most intuitive twitter app I have ever used. Worth the price and more. The application works the way you expect it.
Very easy to use and setup. More stable than tweetdeck.
Practically all you need.
P.o.s. Force closes constantly. updates never fix it
Excellent
"This is a great app
Love tweetcatser.. but this recent update is BULL! Moves entirely to slow for my liking!
"Colorful
"Avoiding recent updates
It's simply the best twitter app ever! Good job... ;)
Tweet Caster
Doesn't install on devices with 2.3.4 or higher. Developers appear to be deaf and ignore requests to release an updated version. The free version does install so pick that one or another client like Plume.
I wish it wouldn't restart all the time! That's my only complaint.
I can only see about half the avatars in my time line. What gives?
Great app
Needs a transparent background and ditch the loading screen but other than that its great
TC=BMF. Download now.
Good twitter app. One the best
"App cannot be moved to SD card
Love smart filters!
Many power user features. 3 stars because it doesn't preview URL shortening. Why they took this out is a mystery.
Perfect again. Thanks. Had to uninstall then reinstall.
Works like a charm.
I love it but needs to b easier to make modifications
Keeps freezing
"The TWO new updates this week have made this app horrible!! So many new problems...Twitlonger isn't an automatic option anymore. I write a new tweet & it says I'm right at my 140 allowed
Love it
"Pro Dwnload Yeesss Great great great Great app does everything you'd want
Nice
"Multi-account twitter app. The ui is good
Good access and control for handling multiple accounts from mobile.
This app sucks since update
Nice
I would give it a 5 star but the Facebook feature doesn't always sync correctly. I try to send a tweet but is doesn't always go to Facebook.
"it was working perfectly fine until the most recent update
Used Twidroyd till ubersocial took over and it stopped sending notifications. Have had no problems with Tweetcaster yet!
Loved it prior to last 2 updates! Individual TL (including mine) do not update! Most say last updates 3 days ago even when I just got an @ from them
Not to shabby
That's better. Thanks. Back to 5 stars.
Absolutely love it.
Works great! No issues at all!
Personal TL doesn't update. Switching apps.
still figuring out all the way out but 5 stars I love it
Love the pro.
"Pretty good & fast. Would be better if I could color code my tweets
Best app to use for my tweets. Five stars your way.
Those havin problems with the new update i recommend twicca..marvelous.
"Superb - fast
Best...
Beat Twitter App next to UberTwitter
"The best ever twitter client in android
My favorite browser.
Keep force closing
Lost the timeline on HTC desire :-(
I did not pay for this app to have pop-up ads for your other products.
If you could only view follower requests. Other than that it is an overall complete app for Twitter.
"Always been awesome
TweetCaster made me start tweeting more. Simply bc of this beautiful app! I love being able to tweet & post to FB all frm 1 app!
Isn't showing my tweets and my followers tweets are old
Its dope ...love the ad free app.
The best twitter app I've used by far! I love it
Wont update timeline from the last time I viewed it.
Can't move to sd on evo
Cool
Great app. Does just what it says.
好
"Love the new List option
"By far the best
This is a million times better than the standard Twitter app.
"Best Twitter app on the market
I love this app. Can you add auto add usernames while you type instead of having to click on the contacts and select who to tweet to.
Awesome!
The best Twitter app hands down. Multiple account option and link to Facebook.
I love the application! It is very easy to use and allows sharing a status on fb. Love it!
I love it!
URLShortener doesn't work.
Love this app it has had its moments but they have fixxed everything and I love it
In need of major update
Works flawlessy and got me into twittering
Great app. ;)
Fantastico
"""Litterally I have no more face! Great app! Buy it love it!"
Like the interface.
"If you could approve or deny followers from this App it would be the best app on the market
Is the goods
Great
I've tried all of the twitter apps this is the best @ThaRealSoopa
Revision to prior rating. The UI is slick. Still having log in issues with staying connected. Hopefully an update will fix. Infuse 4G
Love it!! Im new to twitter but this app is great!
It's a great app. Why isn't it available for my Incredible2 anymore? I -did- pay for this app and I'd like to use it.
Wish you can change the tweet and mention colors she using the bubbles themes. And the font can be made smaller. other then that awesome
Love it but widget needs to be bigger!
I love the notification system
Love this app
Love the theme options. I like it alot better than twitter app. Please add theme options to friendcaster too. Bought pro of both. Great app.
I loved Tweetcaster and went pro. It would be five stars if the pro version would install to sd like the free one does.
Absolutely wonderful! Never had issues!
Upgraded to pro and it still freezes up. Constantly have to reinstall
"This is a GREAT app for Twitter!!!! In fact
Everything I need in one simple solution
"Great Twitter application with all its features. But please fix share to Facebook
I don't like the Zip It feature. It's difficult to zip & unzip users. Why can't we have a simple mute feature & be done with it? Excellent otherwise.
"Looks good
Does not move to SD card. Disapointed. Droid.
"Good app
Never tried another tweet poster on android but this one seems to work well. Wish it wouldn't jump down when new tweets come in.
Excellent app !
Just love it
Tweetcaster rating
Almost perfect. Is back to normal. Good Job. LG Optimus 2X.
"Used other twitter apps
I like official Twitter app's UI but Tweetcaster's functionality is unrivalled. 5*s
Great!!!
Still unable to move to sdcard. Other than that best Twitter app yet.
"Love The App. Wish there was a way to approve followers
Awesome app!!
Favorite twitter app so far. I actually like twitter again.
"I love the app
Does not update in background on droid incredible.
"I will give 5 stars if bugs are fixed
Keeps crashing on a custom ROM.
Good app
Does everything it says. Really good
Use to love it and gave it 5 stars but it no longer works or updates. Will give 5 stars when it works again
"Best Twitter App I have ever used
Best Twitter app on Android very happy
Love the 30 second update interval. Keeps me on point with the tweets.
"Previous bugs sorted
Best Twitter app in market. Love can add more than one account and Facebook tied into for easy posting
Love it!!
Does like magic!!!!
"I've used Twydroid & Plume
Perfect
"Best Twitter app
Thread viewing needs a ton of work. I have a hard time seeing what someone is replying to
Great app.
FC frequently on Honeycomb 3.2 tablet & no option to turn off notification.
Love the app 5/5!
"Easy to use while doing something else
Nice.Very Nice.
I am updating my original rating: love this APP but MAD FCs.
When using multiple Twitter accounts the icons do not differentiate between them and it can be confusing as to which account you are using.
I would rate it higher if it would not continuously stay on silent. can anyone help me with this problem
Love this app. Went away from stock because I needed a larger font. This allows for that and so much more!
Great
Way better than the Twitter app that came with the phone. Worth $5 for no ads. @XTreyVision
This is far-and-away the absolute best Twitter app for Android. I've tried them all. This is AWESOME!
"Move to SD
Great app! Very easy to use!
10/10
Hands down amazing
"I use it regularly. Functions very well and is easy to figure out. The free version is fine
My only issue is that the app is consistatly Freezing.
Simply the best
Great app excellent
Seems good so far. Would be nice to be able to manage who you follow from the app.
Better than stock
Worked perfectly for me all the time. Love it!
Y can't I have 350 request in one hour.... that's dumb
"Best looking Twitter client
The best... Tablet or cell
Great app but the only feature i miss is SCROLLABLE WIDGET! please impliment it in next updates
Love the zip it feature...wish the widget was more like plume
Wonderful
WHEN DOWNLOADING PICTURES I CANT SEE THEM.
Was tem BB but now DROID . Loved ubber twitter and found happyness with twittcaster SN: needs shrink tweet
No move to SD option. Description lies!
Absolutely love it ...a must download
I've tried them all & Tweetcaster is the best! Samsung Epic Galaxy S 4G
"Loves this twitter client
This app isn't moving to SD like you said in the update. False advertising!! Please fix!! Then 5 stars... (HTC EVO 4G)
I like this application but I wish it had the option to translate tweets.
Won't move to SD HTC EVO!
This app does everything you could ever need to do on twitter..
Love it.
Best Twitter app out there! Paying is worth it. I'm able to manage 4 accounts simultaneously! Flawless.
I wish I could copy my dms instead of opening a browser..like some other apps u can copy ur dm on clipbored & reuse it.Especially I promo alot..
Love this app!
Love it
Great application
Works great
Excellent App. I love its colors.
Absolutely Superb
Luvs it!!! Use it more than my PC!!
Love that they added the option to pick top or bottom of timeline gap.
App2sd has just made my favourite twitter app even better!
Easy to use.like the zip feature.luv the color
It would be better if you could accept followers but that's Twitter fault.
Great tool used many times a day.
perfect ... HTC Incredible 2
"Not a bad application
Good client but too large. Latest app2sd update does not work. Will have to remove on space grounds alone.
App 2 SD doesn't work. Please fix quick! Milestone/ Droid.
Doesn't work. Come on. You made it work on Friend Caster. Get it together.
"Best twitter app on the market
"What's with this uglya$$ new Android Market"" app?! Love tweetcaster. 1 more star for letting me vent. :) I feel better now."
I love this app! working great till today. I couldn't log on with my evo! Tried reinstall w/ no change. Now I see I'm not alone. Plz fix! Best app!
"Still getting protocol errors when trying to block users
Not updating TL correctly.
"Two words- ""force close!"""
Way better than twitter for Android
Best Twitter app yet!
Easy app to use and better then the ordinary Twitter app. Evo 4G
"Visually impressive
WTF FACEBOOK DOESNT WORK...
Nice
"If only!!! FB app had its act together like tweetcaster
"This has been my favourite client for ages
Great twitter app needs a honeycomb version.
Best twiiter app ever
I loved this app so much that i left Plume. Awaiting deeper Facebook integration. Awesome!!! Clean yet robust.
Best Twitter App Avaliable. But make it even Better!
"Free version was good
"Best Twitter app. Would give it 5 stars
Used to be best now keeps force closing
I've used the other Twitter clients on my EVO...I must say this one is the best!
Works great!!!!!
"Easy to use
Twitlonger stopped working back to Twidroyd
"Tried all the twitter apps
Cant live without it
"The best one yet
I love this app and the multi twitter account feature. Makes things simple when you have a personal account and a corporate account.
One of the best twitter apps on the mrkt...
Great app. Much better then official android app.
I love this app
I really like this app
Best twitter app on the market. Love it!!
I love this app...Has one of the best gui for twitter.
I will rate it 5/5 if there's translation feature but still best twitter app
can't mute ppl! boooooo! that's like a standard option on twitter apps...
My favorite application... phones down!
This a great app. Never crashes. Beautiful interface. Better than twidroid.
Could be the best twitter but loading profile picture with this app is to small
Great app. Fun app. Can we get info to flow to LinkedIn also???
Great app works perfectly best twitter app on the market
Awesome app....
Great app...worth the $$
I wasted my money. I can only make 350 requests per hour when i never had this problem with tweetdeck seesmic or the original twitter app.
"It keeps freezing
Its not wrkin I want my money back
"Looks like problems solved
"Excellent
"Best I've seen so far. Dependable
Worth it!
Protocol errors and app won't refresh feed automatically or manually. Extremely frustrating.
1 of the best out there
"This protocol error has made this app go from amazing to annoying. Fix it
dont have search ppl bar
"Excellent program
Love the app but why won't my avatars show???
With every so called upgrade this app gets worse. Constantly freezing and force closing. It was better 5 upgrades ago. Worse money ever spent!
Constant Errors since last update Please fix!
Love Love Love this app. Way better than any other twitter client i have tried. 5 stars from me!
Looks pretty. Buggy as hell to the point almost unuseable. Sent feedback to @oneloudercares but no reply
"Everything is great except for @ times
It keeps saying too many request in a hour y do i have a limit i paid for the app
I have been using this app for over a year now and love it. I was using twidroid but found this one to be better. Better UI and more functionality.
Love this app!
Best Twitter app to be found
Best Twitter app on android!!!
It keeps freezing & wont upload.
Wont update as it should .. just shows an error message
One of the better twitter apps...this is the only one I use
"Recent release: opening gaps from the bottom helps keep place on timeline
Best Twitter app you can get!
afraid to update because of all the bugs being reported with the new version
You have constant errors in my logs because you are trying to access the gps but have not enabled the fine location permission in your manifest.
"Excellent app
"Nice
Love it. Love that i can post to both twitter and facebook.
Since update I'm not being notified of new tweets. Fix it
App hasn't worked for the past 5hrs!!!
Best twitter app for android ... Love it :-)
I really like this app
Best twitter app on android period ...
works fine at the HTC incredible S
New updates have degraded the effectiveness of this app. What a shame.
"I can't see any pictures
Flawless. Works great on the Vibrant.
Loses tweets if interrupted or switched away from during send :-(
"nice app
A competent twitter app.
Bomb! Worth buying the paid version. You've been good to me :) Droid incredible 2
Very good features easy to use
Constantly causing my Thunderbolt to reboot since update! Totally frustrating.
"This was a great app
Normally great but has turned to crap please fix
I love it and use it everyday to follow fellow guitarists.
When will we be able to log out of it
A must have twitter app! The best.
URL shortening not working
My favorite Twitter app.
The one Twitter app I can rely on. Great interface and nice features make it a must buy!
"This was my favorite twitter app 
"Would be a 5 if you can solve slow photo loads
It just stopped working. Switching to TwitDroyd
The BEST Twitter app for Android!!!
Great!
tell me to rate many time eventhough i've already rated
"I love this app. I signed up for twitter bk in 09. This is the only time ive actually used twitter with this app
The best app for tweeting period!
Keep getting a protocol error...
Drains battery and doesn't shut down with the Task Manager
Annoyed I can't switch it off when I want to but very good otherwise.
Amazing twitter app!! Droid 2
Best Twitter app by far.
I love it til it decides to stop refreshing. Then I have to uninstall n reinstall for it to start working again. Smh.
Free version is great but AD free is just so much better. Definitely worth the money!
"Excellent app
Great app...does everything I need for it to do
It would be the best if tweetcaster wouldn't make your twitcon small
Best twitter app I've run across. Does everything I want.
The best Twitter/FB app out there!
I love this application it's easy and has a nice ui and has all the twitter services
Love zip it!
"Stop working
"Dope interface. Sometimes won't refresh
Visually looks better than tweetdeck but it doesn't show my retweets and it force closes more than i'd like.
"Great App
Had this app before and had to come back. Great.
Not been able to refresh for 4 days! Wont upload my pics. Wont even let me tweet! Update pls? Please update? STILL same probs.
Pretty solid app. Good when supporting multiple handles.
This is a terrific app. It works exactly as advertised. One of the best features is that it lets you save web links to Instapaper for later reading.
I like it very much and this app is very efficient
It has come a long way
Love it tweet me @CoverGirl808
Retweet doesn't work...have to use retweet with comment instead...need to fix that...other than that I prefer it over the other apps - samsung vibrant
Amazing! Best Twitter app for Android.
"Love this app. Would love it more if I could crosspost to Google+
Just awesome thunderbolt
"Good App
The BEST Twitter app available!
Reliable and effective but functionality limited (eg can't view what a message is replying to) and posts RTs as retweets which is very offputting.
Best twitter app eva
Excellent!!! Works great. No problems at all! Samsung Galaxy S.
Great app worth the money not to have ads and the added functionality
Love it but sometimes it takes too long to update
"Was using Plume until now. Great app
"Works great for multiple Twitter accounts
Love it! This app actually makes twitter easy! Until recently the retweet option just died. I am not following handmark on Twitter; they tweet 2 much
Awesome app!! I use it like 30 times a day
Better than Twitter for android!!
This is a very good Twitter app. I especially love that I can simultaneously post to FB and Twitter if I choose to. Want more customization
"Best all round Twitter App
"En la motorola xoom funciona muy bien y está re completo
"Easy to use
Love it!!!
Nothing great but it does the job.
Very helpful software. Everything seems to be working well so far.
Best twitter app by far
Great app!.
Lately it has frozen and it's days before it's fixed. Frustrating.
"So far so good keep it like that please
Great.
Like it so much better! No ads at all. HTC Evo
I like all except on my mytouch it crashes a lot
Wish jt showed facsbook feed az well but good either way.
Love it. But it drains my battery like no other.
Amazing
Very stable very good.
One of the best twitter apps around
"Great app
"Torn between this and Tweetdeck. TC has better functionality over all
"Best Twitter app out. Best looking and easy to use. Does all the Twitter functions
Better than twidroyd pro
If it would have color tweets for other people you follow it would be the best Twitter app
Love it
The app is great it jus lags a lot when scrolling up and down.
None of the Avatars are showing up since the update! Please Fix This
U cn tweet company: @handmark. Friend picker has some screenames of ppl im not following nor are ty following me #fail tmobileG2
Keep forcing close for no reason fix that --- Jamila
"This thing loads on boot
I like it!! Works well for both my pages!
Would be five stars but needs a translate button for tweets and be able to save photos (ie.. save display pics for accounts from bio/info area.)
Great application. Use it daily to follow interesting people.
Worth every penny. I always use free apps and this one is the first one I ever paid for one.
Awesome app. Luv it
best except when on a page i want to share or email alert twitter opens instead of tweetcaster..need be able 2 set as default
Great App!!!
Beginning to hate this app.. Whats with the errors every 5min
Force closes a lot. And takes awhile to re-open but still better than the normal Twitter app
"I think this is the best Twitter app available
It's awesome
Has every feature you'd want. First app I've ever paid for.
Best twitter app ever!
I love this app!
It does just what I need it to. Nice being able to control the various accounts in one spot.
Excellent program.
The best Tweeter apps for my Samsung Galaxy Tab
Recommend it.
Fast refresh times clear icons colorful best twitter app for android
TweetCaster is an excellent Twitter client. The little tweaks and the added functionality make this a highly polished app.
Will not uninstall. Shows that it is not installed in market but stays on phone.
The best Twitter app by far!
Simply the best
Love it. My new addiction!
"Love this app! It makes updating simple
So far the best app for managing multiple twitter accounts (I manage 4 for my company divisions/products). Simple but complete features.
Will not install on captivate purchased once already
good but very expensive
Great app best app for twitter. Deleted twidroyd after I used this
Easier to do some stuff than the desktop website - excellent.
Great product with lots of features.
Best twitter client there is. Download it NOW
By far the best twitter app:-)
I love it works real good and I never had a problem with
It works well
I wont even open now! Uninstall! Im tired of these bs upgrades!
"Five stars
In many ways better even than Friend Caster
Works great on my HTC desire....best Twitter app for android!!
Some crap...keeps force closing. It was a cheap app. But wish I stuck with the free version.
Would of been 5 but keep getting annoying error messages!
"I love this app
Always failed to log in
My fave twitter client!
Great application! Recommended
"it was great until this new update. I can't even ""RT with comment"" private users anymore. i hate it. i want my money back!"
I've tried more Twitter clients than I care to admit to. This is one of the very best.
This is by far the best twitter app out there. There is more functionality on this application than any other one. Can't live without it!
Fast on Galaxy S. Very versatile twitter app. Cheap to feed. Doesn't crap in the garden.
Great app. My favorite Twitter app.
Doesn't automatically update tweets or notifications.
"Great app
Best Twitter app I've used & I've used many.
"The best twitter app I have come across! Custom personalisation with colour's is fantastic. Vibrant looking app
"This is by far the best Twitter app. I like that it doesn't automatically go to the top when new tweets come. Rather
"Does a good job
Best twitter app for Android
Good app but it keeps logging me out :(
"This is by far the most user friendly Twitter platform. Since the last update nothing even comes close.I usually don't plug apps
excellent. @ckzebra
Next best thing to Twitter
WORKS GREAT ON MY DROID 1 NO ADS NO PROBLEM!! ITS WORTH THE 5 BUCKS
Great
App is a strong 4 star but I can't update it without re purchasing app. I contact dev with no response S C A M !!!!
It got good again! ¦]
Good
"Best Twitter client for Android I have used
U can't retweet with comment!!! Wth
"Awesome UI
It does everything that was promised. All right at a motorola milestone. Interface is a little bit confusing. Requires a little practice to get used.
Really mad ever since the new update I can't retweet #Smmfh
Wtf is this new update???
I'd love to see an option to see the replies to user's tweets that I follow like other twitter clients have.
Without a doubt the best mobile Twitter app I've used. (Samsung Galaxy S)
"Great app but since the last two updates
Updates are awesome. Themes are a bit bland but they work! A+ app
Love this app....just add where I can scan my contacts and add a spot to show me ppl I have blocked
Excellent app... Definitely one of my top 5...!
"Paid for it
Great! Now says TweetCaster for Android after posts. Can you make it read the same for Facebook posts? Still just says TweetCaster there.
Have moved to tweetcaster from twidroid. Seems to be better at keeping my timeline position. Lovely app.
Working much better now!
Very good but wish it was as easy 2 navigate as Twidroyd
Nice interface and speed on my desire. Missing a couple of features though.
Kills my battery on the evo way too fast
"This is by far the best android twitter client. Fastest at loading new tweets
I love it. Works great on my Nexux S.
Uploading pictures is a BIG FAIL -Epic
works :)
"I would rate 5 stars if i could refresh my followers list
Retweet only option does not work.
Force closes way too much
Best app for Twitter on thunderbolt.
Love the design. Can't really say about the advanced features but for my use - great
Terrific App. Love the fact that I can access multiple accounts.
Good app does what i wanted it for
BEST APP EVER! FOLLOW @BITCHQUITHATING #TEAMFOLLOWBACK!
Awesome app. Forces close on me quite often. :(
Great app! Is very efficient and flawless!!
Solid all around app ... Worth the cost ...
What's up with the pictures not showing @drethebarber
Works like a charm. The zip function is awesome
"After last update
"I've used all the android twitter apps
Sucks!!
Best twitter app available by far
Just excellent! Two thumbs up!
"I am new to Twitter
I wish it had option for pull down to refresh like friendcaster pro does...
Best Twitter app period.
Nice
I love it!!!!
I bought the tweetcaster pro in a fit. Im not happy with the feel of the aap. Need a refund. Pls let me know the procedure for refund. I bought 2day
Good stuff!
Best Twitter app on the market! Keep up the good work!
By far the best Twitter App.
Awesome!
Fantastic. Everything I'd want and comfotable to use.
Nice GUI! Cant live wo it!
Love it
Great App.
This is by far my favorite twitter app for Android!!
Works great! Droid 2
I love it but how to you reply to a dm without having to go to da person profile
Its still awesome!
"Its okay
これは使いやすい。FACEBOOKにも一緒に投稿できる優れものだ。
Nice
Functions as described. No problems. Galaxy S.
I have an HTC Thunderbolt and no matter what I do my tweets aren't being received. I just went back to Twitter because Tweetcaster won't let me tweet.
Follower list is not updating correctly
Very happy great app
"The best Twitter App on the Market
Great app as far twitter and what you can do is concerned. Avatars havent shown for me in months and no fix in sight. Needs more customization. G2
"Probably the BEST Twitter app available! Easy to use
"Love to see the addition of custom url shortening
"Nice interface but crashes way too often when posting new tweets. Also
I love it....works great and the new changes make it even better!
No timeline for 5 hours
It isn't showing my timeline anymore. I'm tripping.
Photo upload is way slow! Droid
Cant see anything
Would like to see my own retweets and option to see details such as the client that was used to send a tweet
"no wait this is the right one
Loving the app!
Wonderful app
"Need to sort out issue with avatars
Take to long to refresh
Great app! The zip feature is the best. Love it!
"I love the no ads
Great app! Must have and does what it says it does
The new update will not open app. - Motorola Cliq
The best so far
"I LOVE IT
"I loved the free version so I decided to buy the Pro
Probably the most used app on my droid
It is better than twidroyd but I wish the tweets could stay where you left off at.
"Had to try about 5 times to get it to work when I first purchased
"Downloaded app several times
Nikka this shyt go hella hard.. this shyt hit harder that shaqs elbow..
Clean and Feature-rich.
#1 Twitter app in the Market! Everything about TweetCaster works precisely well! Samsung Galaxy S
I really like it. Would prefer a bit more flexibility with the color scheme.
Prettiest interface.. G2 DOG
Awesome so far!
Often lags when refreshing and doesn't automatically refresh.
Make it easier to find people to follow...its too confusing...
Works exceptionally well Samsung Gem
Awesome
Good stuff while I used it. ThunderBolt
Works great. Now everyone else I know uses it lol. Only problem I have is the Retweet w/o comment doesn't work for me. Moto Droid
Would have been 5 star but some ppl pics won't show
The Zip It feature alone makes this the best.
Freezes more often than I'd like but still very good!
Best Twitter Available!
I like the look of it and the option to post a facebook comment..follow me divine180 im a personal assistant and talent liaison
"Great!! This app is sooo hi-res
The only thing missing is the ability to do a quick @replies search for a twitter user...add that and this becomes 5*
Better than most twitter apps out there.
Much quicker and slicker than the official app. Integration with phonebook for updating pictures would have earnt it 5 stars from me.
Excellent
Simply the best!!!
"Never thought I would willingly pay for a twitter app
"I really enjoy this app. The only issue I have is
Pretty good. Reliable. Hasnt crashed after months of use.
The last update suckss..it's a lot slower than the original version. It wont refresh or let me see my profile
Wtf do I get so many errors 2.2 samsung facinate
"I've been using Tweetcaster for a while
Best twitter app to date.
Best tweeter account out there on the android market for me @ least!;)
Force closing every time I open it. Very disappointed since I used this exclusively.
Love this app. If u added that blue tick to celebs profile then I think this app would be practically perfect
"Not refreshing followers & following
"Great app
So far the best at compared to the rest
Great app!
Awesome.
I've been using this app for several months and I love it. Runs well and has never crashed in all that time. I recommend it highly.
Why the added permission to read system log files?
"Love the lists
"Works fine on Samsung Captivate. Needs feature to show who replied to any user's message. Then
New update is not allowing me to see my followers or who I'm following. Keeps saying Failed to load data.
Great update! Love the new features! Save draft is excellent!
Love it :-)
Runs splendiforously. Experia x10
Works really well!
Flawless.
So far lovin it
Needs a better widget...like that of Plume...then it will be my daily.
Need a backup setting. Its an elementry option. Two stars till added
"Loaded the updated version just fine on my Xoom
Very good app. Latest update makes the screen look crammed up :(
"Love this app
The best android twitter client ever!!
It's okay. Know better ones but for Android this is the best. Customizable and nice interface.
Really good Twitter app for Android. More bells and whistles than some of the others.
Great app. No complaints. Liked it enough to get the pay version.
LOVEE THIS APP. Would like to see who retweeted my tweets tho.
"Love being able to use multiple accounts
I get the latest Tweets from my pastor and evangelists so I don't miss special events. Get T throughout the day. Reinhard Bonnke is BEST!
One of the few apps I have paid for. Worth every penny. Great app.
"IT is really great
Awesome does exactly what it says!!!!!!
"This was great in most ways until it force closed
Was excellent but just lately it FC's atleast once per day. Still my client of choice though.
"Does it very well
Often doesn't display avatars even after refreshing or restarting the app..nit a problem with other clients...evo4g
"Can't click links in retweets
Best twitter app there is.
Must have app if you are into #twitter like i am. Best one on the market.
Force closes way too much and avi pics do not show up on my phone (my touch)
Has not worked since Friday
Does everything I need it to.
I am really liking the latest update to Pro. The ability to update FaceBook through Tweetcaster is great.
"Great app
"Ive used twitter for bberry
"Easy to use and is clear to read
"occasionally freezes
Best twitter app I seen ya dig
So far so good
Easy to use with robust functions!
Thr best twitter client I have seen so far . . . and I tried a lot.
Great app. So much better than twitter's!
Easy to use Twitter app! #DroidIncredible
Great app!!! Would be 5 stars if you could accept new followers request
Much better than Twidroyd
"Works great on htc G1
Disappointed that sometimes it takes hours to refresh and this with 4g service
"Only thing missing is ""pull down to refresh"" and the ability to copy tweets"
Tried a few different Twitter apps and this is by far the best.
Love it
makes life better
"Doesnt open
Will not install - junk
"4 stars because of a slightly silly oversight - doesn't remove mentioning of self when doing a ""reply all"" to tweets that mention yourself?"
"Only problem is
It Rocks!
A better alternative to Twidroyd!
"Works great
"There is a limit on ""client requests"" per hour. When the limit is reached
It works fast & I can retweet w/ my comment. But the force close situation is driving me bonkers. I hope you guys can fix.
"Good
Just what I needed.
Well done but seems to be a big power draw
Does a great job
Still think this is the best Twitter app on Android. Most features & ease of use is unmatched.
Best Twitter client for Android hands down.
Good stuff. Nice to link Facebook to it
The best twitter app!! It does everything. This is a must have for twitter users.
This is the best app I've used on my Samsung Fascinate for Twitter.
Freaking awesome!!!!!!
Very clean and works well.
"Wont get past the opening bluebird screen
Seems solid on Galaxy Tab. And also the HTC Evo.
Love this Twitter app! So easy to use and keeps track of everything. Even tweets at me when I want.
Facebook share doesn't always work
Tryed them all! This is by far the best. Only thing I do not like about it. Everytime you open it That's dumb blue big eye bird comes on!
"I can't post in Twitter and fb at the same time
Its pretty good. Closes a lot
Force closing errors have gotten better. Like new features. Follow Da_Ry_Zin.
Great app. Wish there was a way to search for a persons last tweet.
Love it! It's great for managing multiple accounts.
Needs to update more than 50 tweets at a time. $5 is too much for it not too.
Great twitter client for galaxy s 4g
Better than Twitter.
"Best Twitter program by far
Above average. I would like to see a better use of the user interface space.
"My favorite mobile Twitter client
"Used to be the best twitter client going
Got really tired of the popup ads in the free version so dropped some coin & bought this one. Best twitter app going. Worth it.
Great tweeter app!!
Wont let me log in. Not much use that way...
"Best client for sure. Having issues with linking some sites
Would be great if it had a hashtag option
Loved the free copy so I payed$ 4.99 for the pro it wont load at all and even within the first 15 min it wouldnt refund
Xoom and DX user here. Much better than Twitter's own app. Only thing....would love a scrolling widget like Friendcaster or like LauncherPro does.
"Very good Twitter client
Awesome twitter app! Does everything well
"This is great
TweetCaster makes it too easy to accidentally block your friends.
Why can't I see my profile data? It says an error occurred and is using my old username. This shouldn't be happening...
All I could ask for
Could use a live preview feature but overall it is good.
Very easy to use! Love it
"Keeps force closing on MyTouch Slide. But I think that may be because I'm following 47
"Great twitter client! But after using the latest version of Gravity on Symbian
So on point. Way better than the official twitter app
Luv
Just the best available and not getting the recognition it deserves.
Best service
Works awesome on my Mez w/ mods!!
Forecloses too often.. refresh hardly works. But everything else is ok so far.. just fix the little stuff and we will be good would recommend to other
Best Twitter app! Highly recommend it. Great job!
This is a great Twitter client and does everything it needs to.
"Excellent app
Great app love it
Luv it!
"I'm pretty happy with it. I just wish the adding of a photo from my phone worked with this. I use twitpic too
Pretty cool and simple to use.
Way better than twidroyd
Perfect. Best app for Twitter out there!
"Looks great
Made of win.
"Just dropped to 3* for crash every few mins
Slow refresh rate sometimes. Limited customization. Not worth the price when free versions do great.
Best twitter client works good dx
Make a favorite friends list. So we dont have to scroll through the whole list.. And it would be perfect
Follow me the_real_sway
5 stars for the funny looking bird logo
Great app! Works great on my Galaxy S. Does what it does. A must have! :)
I would like to get my facebook feed on tweet caster any ideas?
Just the best. Nexus S 2.3.3.
Awesome. Droid x
Is it my galaxy s or lately has the app server been slow?
"Love this app
Fantastic app. I use it every day!
YES! Finally no more force close can go in and tweet in peace. Thanx 4 listening! Follow @Da_Ry_Zin
"I've tried Twidroyd and the official Twitter for Android app
Best Android Twitter app I've come across so far.
Doesn't always attach photos but best one I've used.
Why does it keep force closing I paid for it so it shud wrk perfectly ughhh
Works as planned
If only pics would open without leaving AP!!!
Love the app.
Great app
Best app for twitter that I have found to date.
I cant search people. Searches only bring up Topics and not people.
I've tried nearly every twitter app and this one's the best! No problems on R2D2 Droid.
Closing and upload issues are starting to make me look for another app
Was a great app but now it is constantly force closing
Working great on my motorola cliq. No complaints!
I truly enjoy this app! My friends noticed it on my phone and now they're using it too!
"- best twitter app! works great on my Samsung Captivate :) worth the money
The best twitter app by far evo 4g
Works well and able to share my tweets to facebook galaxy s
Even though I'm fairly new to tweeting I much prefer this to others I've tried. Sometimes though it refuses to share. Galaxy S.
Won't update automatically
"I can't post a picture
Got to be the best Twitter app on the market so far. Top marks.
I've downgraded my rating until the issue of links in tweets sometimes being unable to be clicked on is fixed.
"By far my favorite Twitter client
Great...perfect. a lot better than stock app.
Great app! Totally worth the money.
Great app. Easy to use ~ just wish I could see/accept/decline follow requests.
Needs auto hash tagging and auto @
Forecloses too much
Best twitter client ever...
Still has issues with lag but other than that love it!
Holding 1 star hostage for push notifications. Please add them ! Otherwise perfect
Does it all tried so many the best one does drain your battery and force closes every now and then but ill never change
This is one of the best apps Ive downloaded!
Great app! HTC Evo
The best app ever!
Its ok dnt buy though there is no difference between the free one and this one...wish it was more like ubertwitter... Mytouch4g
Clearly the best twitter app on the market!
Loooove it (:
Cannot sign on to twitter acct.
Has all the features I need and great ui as well. Functions well on evo.
Does everything I need it to do. Great product.
Luv thys app
Works extremely only thing is I havent been able to see my avatar as well as others since the last couple of updates
Love it! I only wish I could alter the color of the notification LED. Other than that perfect!
I love this app my only Twitter client
"A quick and easy version to use
"Good app and for 5 bucks
I was so impressed with the free version I just had to upgrade! Best Twitter related app out there. MT4G
Force closes way too often on MT3G slide. I wish I hadn't paid for it.
I give it thumbs up.. it great
It gets better with every update. Works great so far on the HTC Thunderbolt.
"ok. what's the deal? I paid for this app cause it was the best and now it doesn't work. force close
I only use this because it supports twitlonger.
Friggin' awesome! Only one thing it doesn't have - when u want to comment with a TT hashtag. You have to type in the hashtag yourself. :(
I would give it five stars of they would have removed their splash screen at startup.
Won't Let me twitpic anything..
Switched to this because it takes less memory. I love that I can use it with multiple accounts & its very readable (samsung epic)
Was a great app now it will constantly FORCE CLOSE. The last update didn't help. PLEASE FIX
"Every time I switch to the app there is a splash screen with a 5"" delay. Loose the splash screen
Best twitter app for the Htc EVO
Nice. Able to customize font size is nice on my streak is very helpful with the extra screen size
Like ability to easily move between multple accounts.
Great app and works fine for the EVO Shift. If i could have a favs list for easier tweets i would have gavr it 5 stars
BEST TWITTER APP
Its good but id still would likeit to show me if someones following me and uploading a picture takes a while. Other then that is awesome
"I've tried several different apps
Good love the autofill for names and the zip feature
I love this app
Works well on Motorola Citrus.
Works great. Rarely crashes. Love through functionality.
Pure genius. I couldn't keep up with Twitter any other way. I love how it saves my spot!
"Great app
Best Twitter App out there. Works perfect with my Droid 2 . . .
Fb function is really needed
Superb at galaxy tab
"Good
love it!!! HTC Droid Incredible! holler @kimmmmmber
The best I've used for twitter
Works well wish it had a better widget.
Love it! Only suggestion when you hit reply all I hate that it puts my name in there too. I don't want to reply to myself. Other than that fabulous
Better app then the original Twitter...Love it!
Definetly the best twitter app available.
Does what it is supposed to do. Navigation can be a challenge but once you learn the quirks it gets easier.
Best twitter app by far!!
Everything you could want from a Twitter app
TWEET THIS! Twitter has asked ALL 3rd party developers to STOP MAKING Twitter clients! They're crippling 3rd party access to make them subpar!
"Needs work: links not recognised properly
"Well worth the money. Have used every free android twitter app
So I far I really like this app.
Good app! Lots of features. Too bad it doesn't auto-update unless you have it in the foreground.
Simplifies everything.
Tweetcaster is a great app. Fantastic UI. Only thing preventing 5 stars is that I cannot see all my accounts on one screen.
"Happy customer :) Hope they don't get bought out by TweetUp too. ZippIt is useful
Never up dates new tweeys....total crap
The BEST Twitter client available! End of discussion.
Tried all the android Twitter apps to manage my personal account and two business accounts. Tweetcaster is the best. Worth the $$
Can't see twitcons maybe just a few of them show up Droid X
"So far
Just needs a tablet mode- otherwise fantastic
Very fast app!
My widget isn't working all of the sudden. Suggestions? HTC evo
Great interface....easy to use...reason I came back to tweet again
Was fine but its interfering with my browser & force closing everytime i turn around so i canceled it.....its getting better :)
No probs so far. The prem version is well worth paying for!
Tweetcaster Pro is worth far more than its price. It does everything I need; interface is intuitive; it's easy to customize settings.
Functionality and responsiveness awesome. Wish there was the option to make it beaucoup colorful like Plume.
@william go into the preferences and switch to bubble view. Great app!
Amazinggg Appp
Havent had a problem in ages.
Love it - follow me: LucidLemming
Great app on HTC Evo
FLAWLESS
"Amazingly smooth and slick app
"Great functionally
Fantastic
Awesome
Much better than I assumed it would be!
"I tried it and many others! The best
"Great app if you tweet
Only wish you could view your Facebook feed like Tweetdeck does.
"After trying most of the others
Excellent if you have more than one Twitter account. Nice appearance. Regular notifications w/ or w/out sound. No problems. :-) HTC incredible.
Great when it works. It would be nice t let folks when update required b4 force closing for update
Its a good app...i really REALLY wish that the hashtags would be saved. I use those alot. Seeing who retweets you would be nice too.
So much better than twiydroid pro. Its fast and. Smooth.
Best app for Twitter! Samsung Epic 4G
Its cool
Nice!
What is happening!?!? I cannot reply to anyone without a force close. Asking twitter for better app for HTC hero. Can't do this any longer.
Like it a lot
MyTouchFender's best Twitter app!
"Droid Pro user. This is one of the best Twitter Apps for the Android platform. I got the paid version. Though not perfect
"Wish list view would behave the same as home feed. (compose new tweet
The best twitter app
Makes twitter pretty!!!!!
"Great app
Outstanding apps
"Great tweeter client
Good app. Needs a little more flexibility around themes and settings.
My followers twitcons won't show up....and I can't upload videos
Excellent app. Shake to update my favorite feature.
This app is ok... I cant figure out how to see my own timeline... Once I figure that out and be able to retweet from my timeline it will be cool..
Much better than the official twitter app. User-friendly and responsive. Hate the ugly bird and lame art style.
Glad i paid for this version. No more FC's and functioanlity more crisp.
Dark bubble theme is awesome.
It's a good app! Just have to log in& out sometimes in order 4 it to refresh!
It works but sometimes it wont send any tweets it will say code 40... gets annoying
The best android twitter client. Period.
Awsome. Atrix4G
"All the pic avatars are blank and only show once and a while. But you have to actually open profile
Best Twitter App hands down.
Worth paying for. Best Twitter app on marketplace.
Best Android Twitter app yet
Love this app for Twitter. Tried many others but kept coming back! Bought premium version to support developers of such an awesome app!
Excellent! Really what I needed... It works perfectly!
Keeps force closing!
By far the best twitter app!
Best Twitter app PERIOD! Wish I had on my new iphone! Zip function is SWEET! Please bring to iphone NOW! @CinCitiChic
Love this app
Exactly what I was looking for!
Nice
Awesome
love this app! Best twitter app hands down definitely worth the $. Luv that i can update facebook @ the same time too!
No adds very smooth..... nice app. Worth 5th bucks.
Ocassional freezing during auto update on my G2 but nothin to gripe about.....all in all nice app
"Hard to learn
Steel are #1
TweetCaster Pro is Great!
"Excellent
Love it
"I like this twitter app. I first tried the free version
I Love this app!!
"It's better then the stock version
Works just fine
Works great for me. HTC incredible. Hardly forecloses and only issue is refresh.
Add the ability to integrate the fb news feed into your twitter timeline and not only will this be the twidroyd killer...but it'll kill tweetdeck too!
Best Twitter app for Android! Worth paying for.
Best Twitter App!!!!!!
Best twitter ap I've used so far
Great app. Multi Twitter account access is very efficient.
"Very useful
Great app. Get it
"Figured I'd try Twitdroyd to see what I was missing. Turns out nothing
"Love it! The most intuitive Twitter app ever! Thanks
I'm new to tweeting and this is a very intuitive app...cheers
"Fast
"Would b 5stars if it updated quicker othetwise great app
I love this app one of tohe very best!
"Works great
My favorite! Not worth the pro version but I love supporting hard work.
Great!?!!
Great lookin' apply that works very smoothly. ---Desire.
Best Twitter app for Android/LG Ally I've found so far.
Best for Twitter. Desire 2.2
Awesome app!! No problems at all. I used tweetdeck exclusively before but I like this better.
Works great....many thanx
Now and then it fails to also post to facebook but that's the only prob I've had. Blocking (zipping) people without unfollowing is nice too.
Love this app!
i just got this app for my Evo-4G & Nexus-S and i have to say i love this tweet app if you dont have it Get IT...... :)
"Tried top 4 twitters
"Not show own retweet
Works flawlessly now thanks for the support guys still #1!!!
Not a big Twitter but like this more than Twitter's own app.
Always have to jump to the top. Tweets are always behind
Needs to show which tweets are RT'd and show Trends better.. with Trend definition...
Needs far less access to my phone's services and system tools than the twitter client from twitter. I appreciate that... thank you! 5 gold stars.
How do you post in color?
I will love to if i just can add favorite when I don't have signal! Everything else perfect!
My absolute favorite twitter app. Tried em all
"Jus dwnld
"Clean interface
Awesome on Xperia X10
Awesome.
Great product!
I think its the same as the free one and u can't even see the TWITCON :(
Best Android Twitter app hands down!!
"Works great
I couldn't live without tweetcaster! Love it more than my boyfriend. Need tweet rehab.
"Easy to use
I can't upload my latest song so my followers can hear...
Works as it should
I love it....its like ubertwitter but for Droids
The best!
So far so good worth it
Love it
Good app. by my standards.
"Stuck between this and Plume...both are gorgeous
Awesome app just needs an exstention for retweet
Like it...can we get an extention on retweets
"Works great on my nexus one much better than tweetdeck
I love this app! It's easy to use and clean for the Droid 2
Has a lot of features. Needs an option to see retweets properly. I would like to see which tweets of mine have been retweeted. Otherwise great app.
Great app...so much easier to use and retweet!
"Ergonomic
Only gave it two stars because u cant make image larger in app... every other twitter app can resize image
"So easy to use
If anyone can tell me why all pics do not show up plz @kobe24bama13 i having that problem is anyone else?
Way better than Seesmic on the Droid. Would not be without Tweetcaster!
I love tweetcaster pro but i gave it 4 stars bcuz i dnt hve the option to tweet about a trending topic sum1 plz help
"Cute
Easy 2 use. Best format! Wish u cld do more with fb tho! Samsung intercept
Gets the job done!
My retweet button doesnt work well.. it shuts off at times.. some features dont work.. and i dont see the difference btwn the free version and this 1
Only thing it need is a auto response and reply system
Worth the paid version. Best tweet app!
Only had it 1 day. So far it works great! Droid x.
Great app.
The only app I use for twitter. Had the free version for a while and upgraded to the paid version
"compared it
Its foking awesome!
Best twitter app I've tried. Very satisfied customer!
Very fun!!!
Bought the paid version after five minutes. Has everything I want from a Twitter app and is really beautiful ad well.
Great app. Lots of features.
Works great but not a fan of the tones they use.
Works well. This app is definitely worth 5 dollars.
Loooove this APP! LATER FOR TWIDROYD!
Best twitter app by far
Worth every penny!!!
I customize my notifications sounds and everthin else but i dont save. Fix it the issue!
Couldn't see diff from free version
Will not sync with my facebook page. Worked before I paid for the pro addition.
It's great! Now I'm in to Twitter!
"Great app
"I love the app
love it!!!
This the best one out there right now until someone brings some competition.
"Was used 2 MoTweets on WM
No problems so far. I love being able to somewhat customize it :)
Good attention to detail; like the default white theme.
Yep. It's better than tweet deck. Real talk!
Really love it now without the ads.
Authorized but wouldnt download. Refunded immediately.
Wouldn't download then wouldn't refund. Droid incredible
"Love it
"Says ""most features""
I love tweetcaster but it freezes sometime
Smooth and responsive. Best app for twittering. Love its cool interface.
The best twitter application to date
Perfect
Great twitter app. this and plume are at the top of my choices
Locks up sometimes
"Very good app
"Great app works perfect and looks great
"Pretty awesome. I would love it even more if it showed Facebook newsfeed as well
I LOVE this app. Perfect for HTC Hero. Million times better than peep.
Best twitter app ive used
"Love it
Awesome!!
I tried it. I liked it. I loved it. I purchased it. Best Twitter app for Android. Only complaint: won't let me share with Facebook.
Smooth running app.......i love it
Can't see if a person is following me from their profile like plume....and force closing and moving slow Evo
Lately it keeps freezing on my facinate. If it wasn't for that it would get a better rating.
Loads slow...n doesn't allow me to retweet at times or is able to connect..about the same as other apps but good
Should add more themes and see ur tweets that retweeted
Great only wish it showed facebook thouughts at same time
Definitely worth the extra money!
I frickin love this
Droid 2.1 motoblur App works perfect. Updates are immediate. Never freezes. Awesome
"Somethings I don't like
ALWAYS on in the background. Poor battery.
I purchased and now it won't manually refresh. Help! Otherwise it's the best
Force close too much
I like it a lot.
I <3 It !!!
Love it!
Choppy scrolling.
"Needs to have a way to accept new followers
Does crash sometimes and I've had to reload it twice but for the most part over all this app has alot of good features and its GREAT for networking!
IF YOU'RE NOT GONNA FIX THE FACT THAT IT DOESN'T UPDATE GIVE ME BACK MY $$$. I'VE EMAILED YOU GUYS AND EVERYTHING SMH
My favorite tweet app!
Excellent App! Just need the timeline to keep it's position! Otherwise great!
It's a mess. It took me 2 days to installed it. The difference w. the free app is that the pro doesn't have ads. The rest of features do not work
Works great until it crashes all the time
Overall great app
"Was great. Now crashing all the time. Sucks on refreshing / uploading photos. Still best
Nice appealing and useful app. Add a chirping sound for notifications.
Tried every twitter app. This is the best.others roll back to the beg + I was cnstntly trying 2 get back.Easier access 2 urls + large photos.
"Best Twitter app on the market. Not necessarily worth 4 bucks
"Nothing fancy
"I've tried several different Twitter clients
"Great UI
I love this ap!! total worth your money! Its pretty fast too!
Deff worth the money
"Pleasingly practical. Could be slightly more attractive
Excellent
A bit hit and miss
Best Twitter app!!!! It stays on the last tweet u read if ur phone goes 2 sleep.It has a nice look.I would like it 2 say if an account is verified tho
Best twitter app by far.
Can't change the color of tweets when you use the Bubble Version of the UI. Still the best bit needs more customization.
Best twitter app I've found. Even the one from twitter can't compete.
Excellent
Great app! I love that there are no ads!
Simple
Widget always freezes. For the money you'd expect something without glitches
"Works great on the Samsung Fascinate. My only complaint is the ""my tweets"" & ""mentions"" personalized colors don't show up. Everything else is perfect!"
Great app! ...but widget doesnt update as it should. - Galaxy S I9000
Fast and easy to use. Would be nice if it obeyed the sync on/off.
Really good app for Twitter in my opinion its better then Plume
I love this app but please make something where it shows me what tweet ppl reply too cuz my friend reply to my stuff but idk to what tweet
All my Direct or Private messages go PUBLIC - NOT GOOD !!! Uninstalling !!!
Good app...just cant figure out how to reply to DM using this app
So far so good... Since I run 2 twitter accounts. Pro edition all the way.
Awesome
Worth the $$$ for no ads! :-)
The best twitter app...specially the premium version....no ads! Everything u need!
Does everything as expected!
"My avi picture when i change it won't pop up for some reason
"I think it's pretty good 
Very gooood:)
Profile pics are still blurry..custom colors don't work for the bubbles theme..
"Best app for twitter on the market
Needs a bigger widget... but its still a awesome client
"Mmm it does not scroll automatically to the top and geo tagging is not autmatic as well
Does everything they say. Tried all apps so far and none bring me the level of satisfaction that tweetcaster does.
Tweetcaster Pro is definitely a top choice for a Twiiter app for Android!
Its ok.. needs to have more customizing options
I love it! Im very picky when it comes to twitter apps. Tweetcaster is the only one who meets all of my qualifications.
Okay so it say you can change the tweet color now....NEGATIVE!!! #SAMSUNGVIBRANT
"Slick ui
Thank you! This app is very sophisticated! I can appreciate that.
I love the app but my pictures don't show up!
"my notifications will not turn on & custom colors don't work
Works great and includes all the features of Twitter that I need.
Love the app
"Best version so far
Better than Peep that came with my EVO 4G Sprint phone.
The best!
Its the closest thing to ubertwitter I could find..so I guess its alright..Force closes a lot though.
I cant imagine not havin tweetcaster! Its fukn great yawl! If ur a twiddler in the twitterverse...def download this app! Its HOWWLAAA!
"Really like the Instapaper support
"All u could ever want from a mobile Twitter app. Simple navigation
"It stops working all the time has to ""force close"" constantly....free version never force closed:("
Awesome App. Marvelous share components. Direct interecation with services as twitpic. Using without problems on my HTC HD2 Android Modded Phone.
Kills the battery
"When I select a tweet to pull up the tweet options menu
Best Twitter App ***EVO***
Very nice app. Still has some issue drops avatar pix sometimes and the post layout needs to be adjusted send on eyed. Other that that good job.
This is by far the best twitter app. Blows tweet deck to hell. ffme @BlackOnAir
Awesome
Love it...
Best twitter app. Period. End of story.
Best thing for twitter on the android... i have been stuck ever since... update different color schemes would be great
Love it!
Always force closes and doesn't allow to post videos
Great app! Problems with refreshing sometimes.
"Gr8 twitter app
"Good app but some Twitcons dont show
Brilliant!
It's great. Remove splash page at load and it's 5 stars.
Superb integration with facebook and twitter. I can kill 2 birds with 1 tweetcast. The tweet longer function allows for full facebook statuses.
Amazing!
I would give it a five but it does have a enter for send. I hate having to tap send each time!
Works great and easy to use. Sometimes dont get my regular updates though and i have to open close and open again.
Um yea why the hell does this app keep forcing closed every 2 fing min?
Love this app! I like the Twitter app's pull to refresh but I like all the features in this one.
Awesome twitter app! I manage multiple twitter accounts and its great. Wish it had a text/tweet shrinker. that aside great app!
Only works when it feels like it.....but i paid for it i guess i'll keep it :(
Its fantastic
Multiple accts are great! Add shrink tweet to make it awesome! Ubertwitter has this feature check wit them
"Great twitter app
"Ocassionally force closes
Works GREAT! But it want share to fb UGH... #fixplease
"Excellent option for Twitter fans.Very nice. Not on Par with Plume and Twidroyd
Takes some getting use to but i like it. The best free twitter app.
This is a great app. It is crisper and more functionally slicker than normal twitter on the DROID X. TOTALLY WORTH 5 BUCKS!
.would like to see who retweeted me
My login info doesn't work...... plzzz fix
Does mostly everything you could want. Was too easy for me to accidentally report someone as spam.
"Pretty good app. Clean and fast. Doesn't always update as it should
Its great
Love tweeting. Great app in my dx
I love it. Much better than the other apps I've tried. Motorola Devour.
Not as customizable as Plume but much quicker. Great interface.
A great tool to manage my multiple twitter accounts.
Gr8 app! No problms period
Great Ap!!!!
Just wish I could accept/deny requests. Aside from that its all good! @mdrkiller
Love this app. Works great
"Very cool Twitter client
Great twitter app. Never want something else anymore. I even don't use the site anymore.
love this app
Works perfectly. Love this app.
Great app by far the best! Need to be able to see followers in landscape mode
Not too much to say. This app does all that you want and pretty flawlessly. I like it.
"I Like the ""PLUME"" App way better."
Runs very smooth.
Great...
Love it
"needs ""confirm delete"" for DMs!!"
Perfect :-) @JBCband -HTC Desire
Its cool. it does what I want it to do!
"Works perfect on Galaxy S. Small bug creates a spaceafter a hashtag
I simply love this program...I used the free verison for a lil then got this one it never crashed or slows down my droid x 5 stars from me
"Out of all of the twitter apps out there
Awesome app! Works great.
I like this app more than actual twitter. I find myself pulling up the app even if I have twitter open in front if me in my desktop.
Best Tweet app I've come across and I've tried 3 others as well. Paid version worth it for no adverts!
"The only app I use 
You really need to update your widget... pretty much blows. But the most the most part cool app...
Best twitter app out
Still learning the features but great app. Mytouch 3g
Paid for this and I get an error message constantly on my samsung epic. Twitdroyd works perfectly. Tweetcaster is not worth the money!!
"Why won't my avatars display??? Everytime someone puts up a new avatar
"Excellent app
This one is the best. Would be nice if notified after refresh and could customize with more themes or colors
"Still getting fc and it's annoying. Otherwise
"I would like to copy and paste feature
"Follow me (I'll follow back): xtremebutterfIy Love it
The only thing I don't like is that I can't see my own retweets. -Motorola Droid
Very nice integration of Tweeter functionality.
best twitter app out there. works a dream. blows all the other apps out the water!GET IT TODAY
"Does what it says on the tin
Great functionality!
doesn't always work but its nice
It's just not Gravity. Makes garbage of tweets when sending to Instapaper.
Keeps closing. Problems every time i use it. Delete and reinstall and still lots of error messages and force closes.
Get twidroyd people! !! This sucks.... Galaxy S Captivate
So far so good...just don't like the force closes
Love it !
Takes awhile to load sometimes.
Great job
"I love this app
it works great with the my touch slide
Seems to work very well...
Dooooope
Great app! Please add an icon on profiles to show if its a verified account or not. I only follow some people once I can see that its official.
Needs an option to open the article by default when clicking on the item
Great Twitter app...a little annoyed with the 350 rate limit for a paid version. Evo 4g
I didn't even know what I was missing. What a great app! Worth a few bucks to me to not have the adds.
It's very good
Best Twitter app on Android by far
This app is wonderful!
I like it better than regular twitter for android; but there are a few things that could be inproved. Not as good as twitter for blackberry
Very nice
Well presented and easy to switch between accounts. Great app.
This is the best twitter app by far! Used the free version on my samsung moment and bought the app when i got my samsung epic. I love it!!
"Pretty good really
Best twitter application....HTC incredible :)
"I can not stop these text notifications and they are turned OFF in my settings. Very annoying
Fix that force close I hate seeing that!
It's great.
Best twitter app ive seen so far def recommend
Constantly lags. U can't approve / decline requests. Thinking bout getting twidroid u can approve/decline ppl
"Great Twitter client. Just needs some smoother scrolling on slower phones
"Love everything about it
By far the best looking/functioning twitter client i've used. DroidX
Great app! Loads fast & allows you to RT with the persons previous status. (: best app that i have tried so far.
Its awesome
Love it
Absolutely fantastic....near perfect....
Hands down the best Twitter app for android.
"slow at times
"All you could ask for. Updates to Twitter
"Worth every penny. In a world of ever increasingly complex
Absolutely the best Twitter app for Android.
"Best twitter client! Tried the rest
"Great App features i.e. Twitlonger
Need to be able to install this on the sd card
My main app for long tweets and FB updates!
Everything I need in a twitter app! I love it! Evo Froyo
Great! Does a great job for tweeters anywhere
Nice!!! More themes/colors?? :)
This is the best
Awesome app. Highly recommended. No launch or force close error messages. That's a huge plus.
Nice app works good
Very nice.
"Great app
I love it!
Just switched from the free version to Pro.
It keep force closing fix this please I payed for it
Url condenser need improvement tweets under same hashtag cut out after 40 tweets
"I need some one to tell me how to log off tweetcaster
"For 5stars it needs tweet colours
"If this had a FB stream
Great app wish it wouldnt force close so much
"Ill stick with tweetdeck
Cool app but just get it working again
"Easy to use
I like this better than twidroid. can y'all fix the bugs plz. And the pic problem. Y is it tht happens all the time. N the following /followers proble
Works great on my Samsung Vibrant!
Cannot delete old or new tweets.
Love it
Unreal twitter app. In just 2 hours I can say it's awesome. Worth the investment. Try it you'll love it.
Nice app..Touiteur is still my favorite
Great look and easy to use.
"Works great on my Droid X
OK but not so great yesterday.
Pro is way better than free version
Best app on the android market for twitter! Htc evo
Tweetcaster Pro™ is THE absolutes best. The only thing that should be fixed is the slow updating of tweets as well as the force closing for no reason
I like it but needs to fix the retweet only can retweet with comment.
great app just wish it had a better explaination on how to use.
I love and hate twetcaster. It drives me crazy but has good features. Still needs lots of work.
Great app very nice ui.
Really enjoy using this app; haven't had any problems. Scales very nicely on my Galaxy Tab too.
Suits my needs and I'm glad theres no ads. Complaints: 4.99 is a little much to pay and dont like the logo load everytime. Errors occur almost daily
I love love love this app. Best twitter app for Droids hands down. Moto Droid
I'm having problems logging in. Help! tweet me @michellejmean
"Excellent! I can post to Twitter & fb with this app. Upload videos. Manage my lists
"Outstanding
"Easy to use
"Great twitter client
Luv it best app 4 my inc.
Fb and twitter at same time #win
Would love to see my tweets that I retweet.
This app has gone a long way. Love the speed at launch now. Perhaps we could configure color themes ourselves?
Perfectly awesome twitter app 4 an aspiring hip hop artist @ScSilence
Soooo much better than Twidroyd. My favorite twitter app. Buy it!
Works great with only an occasional force close. Evo
"Please fix! It's not loading mentions
Great app! Only issue is the frequency of the updates..on and off. Otherwise coolest Twitter app around.
"By far
Still force closing. But it's still my favorite app.
It's been force closing for two days. Bothering me
"Best Twitter app in the market
I like it. Has the original retweet built in. Easy to navigate. MOT DROID
"Works great with my droid x. Try the free
Great app. Even more functional than the twitter app!
Photos not loading up on my time line.... fix fix fix it Droid X
Better than ubertwitter on a blackberry
Not working well on my x since I updated it to 2.2. Opens on it's own. Uninstall till fixed.
Still broken after updates. :( I regret buying this. Official Twitter app from Twitter is better and FREE.
Works great moto Droid froyo.
From an old toot...it's a real hoot!
SUPER App for Droid phones.
Best looking twitter app out there
Drains too much battery
"Very good app- my favorite in fact. However
Needs to be able to load more tweets on launch. (Milestone)
Great twitter app
Love it!
Love this app. Made me love twitter but i wish it didnt have a character limit O_o
"I have tried all the twitter apps on the Droid and TweetCaster Pro is the best. Fast
Not working. Can't tweet or retweet.
Best tweeter app in the market
Love it! Only recently have I got my phone (Intercept) & was playing around with all the twitter apps. Tweetcaster is the only one that has all I need
excellent twitter client. please remove loading splash screen and make it a bit faster
"Very nice
Awesome twitter app
A superb application. It ticks all the right boxes for me!
Could have more skins but overall I LOVE it!! Works wonderful on mytouch!
Good. But force closes every few minutes.
"Seems good so far
"Its good
Would be 5 if it didn't force close so much. Better than twitdroyd
Tweets failing a lot more ..
All is well. Works great!
"It's ok
Brilliant - more than worth the 95p! X10i
"Love this! At last
THIS app keeps freezing like the last one. It's a great tool but seems faulty. Needs to be better.
Great app easy to use looks great. Just freezes every once and a while. want a frequent username list for mentions.
"My favorite UI by far but it rarely updates the timeline automatically
My fav twitter app! A lil quirky at times but the interface is awesome n the developers r good about responding to probs that arise! THX;)
Pimp...smooth as a baby's bum. Evo.
"Its really good
it was worth buying
Wish I could see both of my accounts on same page.
"Gave it another try after a few updates. Still have same issues: force close
It will not work after a few days of not being used
force closes continually x10 android 1.6
Good
The only app I use for twitter.. evo
"Quit working for a day. Update fixed! Best Twitter client for Android
"Hasn't updated tweets in 3 days
This app is amazing when it works. Unfortunately 90% of the time it is not refreshing tweets and failing to operate. I am very annoyed.
Updated 6 hours ago....won't refresh. Won't work!
Why cant i sign in?
Does not update time line.
timeline stopped refreshing. Fix asap please.
This app just stopped working and I received no response to my request for support - 0 stars
I want my money back.
"love the format
does everything I want and does it well
What happened to the via?? I want to know what my friends are tweeting from. I.e. via tweetcaster or via twitter for blackberry and what not???
I like the UI and speed better than other twitter clients. I hope tweetdeck studies Tweetcaster for future updates.
My favorite twitter app for my G2!
Best Twitter app ever!
"I love this app. Of all the Twitter apps I've tried
Best twitter app out there!
Pulls an error for my Droid often. ESP for retweets. The location geotag does not work either.
"I came to Android from Blackberry and was using Ubertwitter. This is the closest I've found
"I loved this app
When is there an update coming
Love it! Best Twitter app by far!
I love it so far!!!!! I jzt don't like when make me force close!!!!
"Best twitter app for Android. Shame it defaults to 3-minute updates
"My preffered Android app
Does exactly what I hoped for. I can easily check and update multiple accounts and set how I want to be notified.
"Not bad at all! Beats Seesmic. Both are good
"Work great
Needs to have plixi photos but the app it self is good
I personally think is good but quite expensive... if my HTC peep can do the same in a different way why buy. Drop ur price.
Profile pics don't load...not worth the price!
Some profile pics are blurry/won't appear when maximized. Please fix.
Way better then anything out there. Could use better/more themes. FC twice now. HTC Desire
Absolutely stunning.
Good app. Smooth. Good interface. Notifications are spotty at best though.
Seriously paid $4.99 Can you fix the force closes?
It doesnt load properly! UI needs improvement! The widget needs improvement!
Great interface
Nice
Awesome!!!!!!
"Would give more than 5 stars if possible. Well thought / laid out
The app is great but annoying it can't share settings with the free version. Have to manually put all accounts and settings back in.
this app rules! htc desire
I love this...easy to use...1 touch everything...droid
Great app no problems
I love it gooddddd app yall
Hands down the best twitter app out there
Love it widget should update on its own and open up a timeline that doesnt open the full app like twidget lite use too
"Loving this Twitter app
"Great Twitter app
Best Twitter client I've seen.
I love the functionalities of this app. Tried a few Twitter clients and this one definitely best fit my needs.
"Tried Seesmic
"I love that you get the option to retweet with or without comment. Overall
Wish it would update gtalk status with tweet/facebook update. Had a twitter app for blackberry that did and loved it.
Force closes too much. Ugh looking for a new twitter app.
5 if zoom on profile pic.z Please add profile pic zoom. Slow and buggy sometimes
I've tried quite a few Twitter apps. This is by far the best. The Facebook integration is the best I've seen and used.
"Had the free app for a while
Niceee
Still can't post pics our change profile pic
Better thab the rest. Took a while to figure out the app.. but I like it
Would be better if the widget auto updated all the time. It stops auto updating sometimes and displays the same tweet for days. Droid X
"Great app
"Love it
On samsung vibrant - works usually
Changed my rating from 4 to 5 stars because the new dark theme is amazing. This is definitely the best Twitter android client available!
"U won't go wrong with buying this
Love this app. So worth the money. Follow me Keia_in_PHILLY. EVO
Awesome app
I dont have any complaints. Im happy and satisfied.
Would rate it better if it would load the avatars consistently and not go straight to the newest tweet first when I reload when it decides to.
Love the inerface
Would be better if twitpic didn't cause crashes. Have to use native twitter app just to upload pics.
Nice app better than HTC peep.
The best!
omg check out the revised dark theme - stunning. Does everything I could ask of it.
Does everything I want from a twitter app. The very best.
"I really really hate the ""load more"" can you just leave all the tweets there instead of just showing the recent ones?"
Need to post full pic for avatar... HTC incredible
not feeling the new dark theme.. please change it back!
Finally fixed the force close issue. HTC Evo
Works great but the new dark theme sucks. Bring back an option to use the old dark theme please
Amazing App. Works perfect! A+
"I love this app
Great app but do not like the dark theme i liked the orginal..please add it back and other choices
Absolutely live it..had a blackberry and this app is better than ubertwitter
Yup
"I really like it just wish my FB timeline would show and I could update google buzz
Better web
I like it. Love the Facebook joint with it.
Its a good app but force closes too much
Good app.
Love it!
there's something missing surprise me on the next up date
"Was frustrated with the stock Twitter app. Now I have this one
What's the deal with the force closing. It was fine before
Great app...Except there is NO option to search for and follow people!! And the Followers list doesn't update.
Can't find location in Canada for some reason?
Brilliant
Would like more themes or custom themes. Otherwise great app!
I use it for tracking and sharing my ride progress. I love that i can share on twitter and facebook with one post! Perfect!!!
Its my favorite twitter app. Just needs to stay in the place where u leave off after replying
Force closed a lot at first also Wish it had the twit bird sound bite like touiteur but it works great
"When i add or delete a follower it should reflect immediately
Love this app...worth every cent.
Fantastic!! It's awesome! ....but how do I see my retweets????
Works great on my Samsung Vibrant; very smooth with no crashing. Looking forward to future updates.
Official twitter may be getting better but this is still better!
Way better then Twitters own app! Best twitter client I've ever used! 5 stars
Best twitter app ever!!!!!!
I loved the free one and when I heard about the premium I immediately bought it ;)
"Love this app...preferred over Twitter For Doid. However
Better than Twidroyd
Works great I love it
It would be better if on our profiles it showed if we follow each other. I shouldn't have to go to the followers list to find this out.
"No issues
Not great especially for the price.
Love it. Mytouch 3g
I am really tired of the forced closings. I paid for the app and it should work! Developers please fix. (My touch 3g)
"I absolutely love this program
"With a Backflip. FB integration initially didn't work but now does. Tried many Twitter apps. This is my fave
I love it
Love
Nice app: more polished and more useful than swift IMO
"So far
Great its the best!
I like this a lot.
It tweets
"This app is the best out there! If your worried about spending that much money
Best twitter app for android hands down!
"Best out there
"Still the best twitter app for Android
Best Twitter app on the market!
Best twitter app out for Android. Droid X
The best twitter client
It would be 5 starts if I could change colors and was easier to navigate. But worth the $$! Just should have more options for those who pay.
Awesome.
Best twitter app on the market!
BEST Twitter app I've found for my Droid.
"Very good app
Great app. Love it.
Love it!!!!
I love it! Does everything I need it to and more. Works well with my facebook too!
"It would've been nice to have a large full page widget to scroll through. I'll keep it though
"Just stared using it
Does the job.
Everything works great only compliant is i can't change my profile picture Droid X
I love it. Works great on my HTC Evo.
"Simple
The widget does not work for me. Hero
Video uploading does not work
Best one out there. Needs inline pics but pretty flawless
Like the app alot. Could do with some work on the search. Doesnt always find people you know exist.
All issues seen to be resolved. Awesome Twitter client
"I like the features
Great App. No problems so far
"The best twitter client for android. Has twitpic integration within feed
Great app. Would have liked a 'bird tweet' as the default notification sound like Touiter.
Works great on my Droid. I recommend it.
Worth every penny lots of care went into the design
A solid choice for a twitter app on your phone. It's the only app ive bought for my phone and it hasnt let me down yet. Worth buying.
pls different color theme
"Best Twitter out of them all
This app does everything you would expect a twitter app to do. Droid x
I LIKE IT SO FAR NOT BAD
My favourite app for tweeting!
Retweets without comment don't show up in the timeline. Never know if it's successful our not. Please fix.
"Best Twitter app
It wont let me change my profile image on my motorola cliq please fix this
Can anyone tell me how to follow ppl on the app or is that not available?
"Like this twitter client
I like it.... and I use it a lot.
Excellent.
Love this twitter client!
Couldn't figure out how to enter post. Went back to original twit site on droid x browser.
best tweet out there.... with video and picture upload this is the best
"A mute user feature would be nice
Great Twitter app once you navigate through and find all the features. Love the widget too!
Cool app! You need this app
Tweetcaster is the best !!!
I like it just not liking the load time every time I open the app.
Force close is happening like crazy today (8/23). Mine was working fine until today. Uninstalled until resolved. Back to Twitter for Android.
The Best Twitter App. By Far....Superior Like DEEZ
"My favourite Twitter client
Great app but takes forever to upload pics and videos can you make it faster (mytouch)
Frequent force closes. Would like more frequent update capability for 5 stars.
"Really wish it would bring back the pinch & zoom for in app pic viewing. It comes back
Excellent ! Force close issue fixed. Thanks. Still best Twitter app by far IMHO.
Great app
Force close is really annoying
Thanks for the update! No more forced close!!
Is force closing.
Just updated perfect now. Just need more options like customize color then this app would be the best one of all.
It forces close to much
Much better response to force close issue this time
The app is good but there's no option to save videos or pictures please add
Were up and running! Back to 5 stars.
Been force closing upon open...fix it stat! I paid for this app i want it to work!
Same force close issue all the sudden.
Keeps force closing and is still the best app.. when fixed
Keeps force closing every time it open fix asap mytouch.
Force close every two seconds fixed pleaseee
Forces close more than ever. This is very frustrating.
Need to fix dms not being updated as read. Been getting notified about same 7 dms for 5wks
This Force closing issue is really ANNOYING! Pls fix thnx
Force Close since update. Fix Immediately Please.
Force closing
"Constant force closes
When its not force closing the app is great. Please fix this issue now!
Like everyone else continues to force close
"Force close
its starting to force close everytime I open it .
uninstalled for tweet deck *EVO
G1 keeps force closing. Wont even update or show old tweets. Please fix!!
Keeps force-closing after the update. Never had this problem before. On the G1
Stop the force closing problem!!!
Force closing as of late
I would love it except it force closes all the time!
Its slow and keeps force closing
Love this apparently in landscape mode on my LG Ally.
Good app.
VERY VERY good app worth the money. I do agree it does freeze up a little but its the best looking one out and has all the features you need
This is a cool app just awesome
"Very effective
Favorite twitter app for android
Badass
"Fantastic UI. Seesmic is ok
Love it
The best!
Not only force close but won't even launch! Update caused it to fail!
Nicely done although I wish there was a change.log.
Simply amazing. Best Twitter client that I've seen on Android.
Has issues with my vibrant. Posts always fail the first time.
The widget doesn't update
Need more back round an text colors
Best twitter app for Droid...hands down ! !
Need setting for when posting to facebook. Don't want to always deselect it for @ replies.
The bs. Dont buy. It freezes all the time.
Good Twitter app. Wish it was easier to reference people in tweets.
Been using Twidroid but this looks a lot better.
Uses too much on my Archos but prefect on my Vibrant. Gorgeous UI and easy to read.
Works great except for the force closes!
Best twitter program for android. No problems or forced closes here! No complaints! Great job!
Love it!
Its good for what it is. One of the best mobile twitter apps I've seen.
Love it...except it keeps force closing when pictures are opened. HTC Droid Incredible
Its the greatest app I have!
"Works nice.uploading pics fail often though.the ui looks a bit kiddie
"Easiest Twitter app by far 
Good .bt Keep force closing and can't see everybody twiticon .Fix It !
"Great app
Kinda slow but overall great!
Messed up keeps freezing. Force closing. Nexus one 2.2
"A little slow on the notifications sometimes
This would be the best twitter app if it wasn't non responsive half the time :(
Soo now its not refreshing! Please fix
Droid X works great and I like it alot.
A++++
Sometimes it wont upload my twit pics even when im in a good service area
Good app needs an easier way 2 add ppl
"The app is 5*
"I love this app! So glad I bought it! Much better than the free twitter app
Hands down the best twitter client for android
Didnt like twitter until my brotha got me hip
Worth the money
I'm very impressed with TCPro. It does everything I need. I love how it updates my Facebook to if needed.Follow me on Twitter ethanestayfly
"Best twitter app
Great app use it every 3 mins.
should be able to search for profiles
Please add copy and paste.
The best twitter client ever.
Great app. Functions great. Looks great. Very stable too.
Works great !
I can't figure out how to log out. It still tweets I have updates. Anybody know?
Ive tryed several different twitter apps and i say that tweetcaster pro is by far the best i've seen!!!!
Look at IPhone twittelator for what a real app looks like
Great app. Does what it says on the tin.
"Keeps on force closing and also will not let me
love it but it jst force closes way to much and sometimes doesnt send my tweets right away
Best app out there for droid users. Very similar to uber twitter 4 u BB users. Get it now!
Add auto geotagging
Best mobile Twitter client by far
"Well its just the best Twitter app in the market
"An Twitter client
Love it!!!
AWESOME
"If not for the force closing issue
"My favorite Twitter/ Facebook application hands down. Of course
"The pro version isn't any better than the free version. It's $4.99 for not getting banner ads only? I would think that the ""premium"" would have more"
its a nice app but seesmic is free and also allows multiple accounts
Best Twitter client available for Android. Works great on the N1.
Outstanding app
Absolutely awesome! Love being able to post to Facebook right from Tweetcaster. :)
I like it.. a lot more options than just the regular default twitter app.. i just wish it would be more sleek looking rather than like craigs list lol
Location tweets could be more accurate. Otherwise a great app.
Great app works well and barely ever force closures
Able to edit rts.
This app is awesome lub it
Great app n seems to be working better
Great app. I would love to see all account on one screen. Would make it a 5 Star!
Best Twitter app ever.
"Awesome
"It seems the free version is better then the paid version
My led light won't stop blinking since I downloaded! Please fix.
"I love it
Funtionality works great. The visual presentation of the app needs work. Not enough skins!
It doesn't load up followers but other than that it's pretty good.
This app is great! I do wish it would let me accept/decline followers though.
"Had to refund
The best twitter app
Wayyy to many force closes
Excellent! Only gripe: old/new style retweet should be more streamlined ala TweetsRide. Shouldn't have to go thru dialog boxes to add text to Retweet
More themes
needs work...too slow
Very easy to use. Awesome!
The widget doesn't work sometimes. And when you try to @ I think it should suggest a friend that you are trying to spell.
Luvit!
Force Close every 5mins please fix this. Great app. tho
"This app won't open on my hero. Keeps foreclosing
The best
"Honestly
Needs an update only remembers the last 49 on the timeline please fix htc evo
Far and away better than the official twitter app for android.
Works fine!
Great app wish i could personalized it more with colors and different notification colors
Works great!
Its an okay app but its now always slow . & lately it wont let me go on people profiles or let me update. I dont recommend purchasing.
Was doing great until 8 hours ago. I cant login
"No other apps wrk
"I HEARD IT'S NOT THE APP
Won't let me log in. Plz fix
This dam app wont let me sign in fix it fast
I hope that this is a problem with twitter.. I love this app! The preview picture box is the best just at times default pics wont load but perfect app
It won't allow anyone with the HTC Evo log on! Got my money back but pretty disappointed! Fix it!
It is probably the best Twitter client currently available but it still isn't better than the Blackberry Twitter app...can't quote the original Tweet
"It has been great 4 me thusfar. Easy to change settings
Best Twitter I've used. Supports tweetlonger....nice!
Worst communication when u have a problem
This is the best twitter app I've used. My only complaint is that it doesn't always update on schedule.
"Good
"love it
Force closes far too often.
"Very slow app
Love it!
Best twitter app ever
Its a gud app..a lil slow but i love it..never had a force close
Very nice interface but force closes as lot. Widget malfunctions constantly and size becomes distorted. Profile pics do not always upload.
This app would be the best one on the market if ur profile pic was larger when u click to see it....its too small
"How do I search for people? Can someone please tell me
Works for me...great
Can you make it possible where when you click on someone elses twit page you can see if they are following you or not......
Would b 5 stars if it didnt ask me to rate it every other day when i already have.
"I really like this interface
"Great app
Chisair505 follow me.....anyways this app is by far the best app ever . So worth the money. Siiiiiick thank u soooo much handmark
Awesome
Edit: had to switch back to Twitdroid. Not getting @ notifications. Very sporadic. :( Love it! Just switched from Twitdroid. Very feature rich!
"Seems like the slickest Twitter app
Great!
Would like to see it be able to post to posterous
This has everything you need.
Love it
"now that I've blocked the hundreds of Handmark tweets
I've tried us about every Twitter app for Android and this is by far the best in terms of features and usability.
It force closes all the time
"Latest update good. May go back to Twidroyd. Lacks posterous support
Easily the best Twitter client since the update. Goodbye Twidroyd and Touiteur.
Great app. Gives you as much info as you need in a hurry or just does its thing in the background. Full version is dedinatly worth it.
Best twitter app for droid by far...take it from Rocco Fury
Not bad but needs some basic functionality like being able to see if someone is following you by glancing at their profile & opening rts at source
"I only want to receive notifications from one of my accounts
"Worth the extra 5 bucks. I love being able to post to facebook along with twitter
Works fine. Evo
Love it! Glad they finally added the thumbnail pictures in the tweet
Login failed???? I know my information is correct 1 star until I can actually use it.
Nice tool but quircky at times
top notch
Works very well. Posts to Twitter and Facebook simultaneously. Recommended.
Works great...wish the Facebook link would work!
The best twitter app
Da best.love it
"I like this app
"Once this app allows you to post on Facebook too
"Best Twitter client there is
still waiting for the update that would fix the Facebook update issue. Was told it would be ready a couple days ago by someone in customer service.
Sometimes large widget scroll bar disappears...fix?
It's not perfect but it's good
Great app but dosn't remember me. I constantly have to sign in. G1
Ok. No reply all or auto username fill in option.
Tried many this is by far the best
I find it to be a good Twitter app for the droid. Worth downloading the free version
Awesome ! Would be perfect with colour labels like Touiteur. Works great. Moto Droid
It has improved much.
It's great well done. But I can't log on to Facebook. Anyone with suggestions.
One of dee best apps eva so far! Please dont fail me now
"I just got a twitter
Best app for droid..Only force closes when i do multible things at once. Not a big deal though
"Support of multiple accounts
Really enjoying colour scheme and bubbles layout good can somebody tell me if emoticons on this if I find these it gets full marks I'm new to Android
New to Twitter...love this app tho
Upgraded to pro after only one day. Best Twitter on Evo!
"Very great app
Best Twitter app
Highly welldone tweet apps
Love it best twitter App ever
This is a great app for tweeting. Does everything I need it to do.
What the bombaclot! It looks cool but not lettin me sign in!
I just wish it had twitlonger!
It's Coo
Best Twitter app ever
Easy to move around
Best twitter app. Also excellent for Facebook updates
"I tried a few Twitter apps and this has been the best. Nice interface
"Love this ap although sometimes it won't update for hours
Love it but wish I had the option to choose how I RT w/o having to change the settings each time.
I want to love this app but all it does is Force Close =(
I'll endorse this as the best Twitter application I've used. And I've used a bunch!
Excellent Twitter application. Worth paying for.
Pretty much ticks all the right boxes
Only problem is. When I Exit Application. it doesnt exit the application. It still notifies me on tweets. Fix this and it's the best twitter app.
Keeps force closing on my-touch...fix and I'll give it 5 *'s
Great app.. jus needs to refresh a lil faster @dredslikamarley
Wish it had a way to search people is a great app
Forecloses all the time since last update
Great app. Easy to use. I hope tweetcaster keeps up to date with changes. That is yet to be known
Hope development updates continue to include more social connections...like Tweetdeck
Where is the fb updating
Ugly interface. Not intuitive. Not worth the money. Try seesmic.
Its great but it doesn't update like it should
Refreshes a lil slow at times but i love it!!!!!
Best twitter client I've used
Tweetcaster is awesome!!!
Absolutely awesome on the evo 4g
"Works great
Annoying to scroll all the way up for updates but best Twitter app by far for droid
1 of the best Twitter apps I've used.A must buy 4 any Twitter user.I know its more expensive than most apps but its worth it.
Best looking and user friendly twitter app available. Excellent UI deleted twitdroid pro
Gee nice if you could reply in this a little easier.
Love it. Best Twitter app I've used.
Works good for me. Sometimes force close but no biggie.
Itz the shiznit!
"Force closes all the time
Luvin it!!
I just love that it saves your position in terms of the last tweet that was loaded.
Very good twitter app.
My favorite twitter app. i dont have any of the refresh issue others mentioned on my behold2. didn't care for the default theme but love thedark theme
"Between this and that French one
Tweets take too long to be sent. Does not update often enough.
Easily the best looking Twitter app for Android! Nice bird icon too! ;)
The best! No more words to describe it!
Does what it is supposed to do very well!
Great app. Will give 5 when we get ability to see facebook news feed. And instapaper integration.
Great app
Best of the best. Love the facebook integration
"Best twitter ap so far
wont let me upload video?
This feels so native and its very smooth. Thanks!
Love it!!! Variety in background colors would be fun but still love it!!
Slow but works good
"The Apple of Twitter apps. Just works
It works great on my G1 and i dont have any problems i guess b/c i use wireless connections instead of the 3g
I love this app. Works great with multiple accounts. hint: finding your profile stats. tap your username at top of page. will take u to profile.
Best Twitter client bar none!
"I had to buy it
The best twitter app for android
I love this app. I'd give it a 5 star rating if we didn't see the splash screen so much and if the force closes would lessen. I still recommend
Great bit of kit
Nice interface but want to be able to pull up timelines with one touch. Much better than Twitter app.
"Widget has me using this again
I am having trouble using this app and Twitter as nothing makes sense. Says I. have a tweet but I never find it.
Great app! Everything I was looking for.
Whys its not letting you upload profile pic and its not saving profile....proVersion but its weak need fix
Looks great.... would like twitlonger support though.
"Twidroid works much better on droid
Excellent program. Keep up the good work!
Good stuff
Best twitter client out there!
Would like to be able to see profile pic large & forcecloses on me at least once a day...but otherwise love it!
Love it by far best twitter app..
Real nice.... I luv it
= (
Love it
Awesome.
"It's great! I love it
best twitter app for android
This is the best Twitter app for Android. I would like the notifications to function a little better.
Doesnt update every 30mins like its set too. Other than that its great!
Tight work... i luv it... follow ya boi @TJones_954
Can't load account. Says account failed.
Love this app. Wish it had a permenant notification icon
Dude this application is so much better that the actual FREE Twitter app by Twitter in the Market.
Does not work well on my Incredible. Everytime I open it I have 50-3000 new @'s and dm's. The widget does not work either. Please fix bc I like the UI
I have tried all twitter apps under 2.1 and this one sweeps them all under the rug easily. Purely amazing!
Please fix the notification thingy from saying I have 100 tweets when I only have 2. Other than that its good!
Force closes constantly! Would be great otherwise.
"Too many ""force closes""
Thank god theres no banners !! I love it !!
I like all the features. Would be 5 stars if it was a little faster on Droid Incredible
It forcecloses a lot. More than it should.
Best twitter app hands down! Absolutely love it
"Great program
Couldve stayed with the free version. Thought the upgrade would be better.
"Fabulous app. Great 4 multiple accts_easy switching. Just wish the hyperlinks were instant rather than going thru another screen
By Far My Favorite Twitter app! LOVE It! Fix the mention so i dont have to remember the account name but the persons name. Then 5 star for sure!
"A bit on the buggy side. Has issues posting tweets sometimes
"No one can help me out...dont know codes
Good app needs to take off load screen everytime u open it
"I like the gui
Pretty damned decent.
The only problems I have with it are personal like my LED light blinks green when twidroid had it blink blue so I could tell it apart from messages.
Good UI. Seems to grow on me everyday.
"Great UI
it is a great app. I haven't had any problems on my Droid yet
"Virtually no difference between the free and paid versions. Still my favorite Twitter app
Running really slow and not showing thee pictures of the people I'm following!!! Please fix hero
Best Twitter App in the market! Hands down!
A very decent Twitter app for Android especially those of us who can't run the new official one from Twitter themselves.
Well design! Needs a status bar icon to know it's running and for easier switching
"The inability to read threads (403 error code) is the ONLY factor keeping this app from a 5. They've had several updates
"Force closes every time I open it now
"Good app but over priced
"It Not Worth 4.99 Dollar
Why can't you view profile pics? I kept twidroid for this very reason. Also a feature for auto RT would be nice.
It's a great app but after about four hours it'll stop loading user pictures and the notifications will jump up. Probably will uninstall.
Perfect! But i wish i could have a closer veiw of pictures... but thats a little thing
"This is by far the best Twitter app on Android. Developer: Please support multiple widgets
Works well. Would give it 5 stars but it does not always tell you how many new tweets you have in the notification bar. Motorola Droid.
So much better than the other twitter app I tried. Does everything I need & works great on my phone.
Would've given 5 stars if profile avatars could be viewed like other pictures.
Definitely a great tweeting app!
Its aLright i guess.. just tryna figure out how i inLarge the pixx from the app. FOLLOW ME: ------> KeA_B0O
I really like the UI but no video when seismic has it and its free?
Love it...works great on my Droid .
All other programs have an amount of tweets to see option. It'd be perfect except the short length
I've tried all of the Twitter apps out there and Tweetcaster (pro) is my fav. Love the interface and functionality!
The best!
Truly the best Twitter client around! Thanks!
Much better performing than Touiteur
New to this but does everything you'd want it to.
Best yet for Android. Only feature I miss is menu item to copy a tweet to the clipboard.
Maybe the best Twitter client I've tried on either the iPod Touch or my Nexus One. Only request would be to make the time stamp more readable.
"Better than Seesmic
Its real koo no problems so far but i wish i can see peoples pictures
"Close to perfect. Splash screen + slight load time = minor irritation
A must have App.
I love it!!!! As a club promoter live updating is easier!!!
The app is fantastic. The best I've used so far
Best twitter app on Android
Best Twitter client out for the Droid...great interface and quick and easy to use
Great ap! Just wish the screen splash didnt load every time!
Nice update but still want to be able to share tweets with other apps.
Best Twitter app on the market
"The best Twitter app
"Its great
Keeps reporting hundreds of unread tweets. Annoying.
I Love It!!!
Pretty awesome app. Love it but would be exceptional if you could view profile pics. Do that I will give 5 stars.
"It's cool
I like this pretty good but now I use twicca
Itz not letting me log in
I Dont get it... Sucks
"Features are good
Almost the perfect Twitter app. Needs the notification icon to adjust state as msgs are read thru the widget & custom LED color blink on new msgs...
Fricken Dope
Best Twittet app!
Thread view gives error 403
Uninstalled because of load scrren. Remove it and speed it up and i will buy it. Great interface but too slow to load.
love it
exactly what I wanted forba widget to be able to.quick update. Pretty good app one of the better ones but still room for improvement
Much easier to use.
Easier than Twitter itself
Widget keeps having issues it says error loading widget
Still needs a quick launch in status bar....Great app..needs a status bar icon up always..but by far best Twitter app yet
widget not showing up for me for pro version. Strangely however it does for the lite version?
Its literally an iPhone level app. No more looking of iPhone users shoulders envious of their amazing twitter clients. We've got the best one!
so much better than twidroid! visually pleasing and easy to use. worth paying for.
Excellent app. Best twitter apparently hands down
Best Twitter app available. I would love the ability to view full pictures of the thumbnails. But perfect otherwise!
Great! @jmohammed2 is a convert from twidroid
I'm a convert. I love Tweetcaster. I have a crappy connection (no G3) and the updates are quick with no freezing or lagging. The widget is beautiful
The best twitter client for Android. Hands down!
Coolest app fasho!!!!!!!
Now with update 1.5 it isvthe best Twitter app hands down.
Best Twitter app on the market and I've bought them all!
Twest twitter twapp twever
Luv it! Best Twitter app yet!
Best Twitter app ever! Worth every bit of $4.99
I really love this app! the bestest!
Best app ever!
"Better than twitdroid
"Sleek app
I LIKE IT WAY BETTER THAN TWIDROID
"Solid and nice-looking client. Please allow us to change LED color. Otherwise
Update seems a lot better! Thanks!
Almost perfect! Please develop a way to differentiate old tweets from new ones upon refresh.
"It's the best android twitter app. If I didn't rely on hootsuite for everything
"Love it
"First twitter app I paid for
"Rad Twitter app. Never used twitteroid so I can't compare
Fantastic.
Love it! All the Twitter functions you need for On-The-Go Tweeting!
best twitter apparently on android
Looks and works great! Adding location to tweets would make this 5 stars!!
Love it! Just need a widget and lists to show correctly.
Nice app. Cool interface.
A+ !!!! Best twitter APP I'm the android marketplace. Would give 10 custom tone & showed all followers.
I have no complaints.. I love it...
Great app. Works pretty well on mytouch. Occasionally fc's but nothing more than a slight inconvenience.
One of the best twitter apps ive seen.
Best tweet app I've used
Used twitdroid for a while and i really like the interface of tweetcaster a lot better
"Love it
So much better than Twidroid pro just missing custom colors for background. Very user friendly.
Needs a widget and can't figure out how to reply to picture tweets. But its the best other than that!
"Great product
Nice and clean.
"Need ability to share tweets via sms and it would be perfect
"Nearly perfect
Would give it all 5 but twidroid has a way for you to automatically send a group of friends a message which comes in handy on follow fridays.
Best Twitter app on Android! Very worth the price.
"One of the best Twitter apps! Stable
5 stars when I can share tweets via sms or e-mail
The UI is a win for me. This Twitter app has so much potential. Keep up the great work! Can't wait for the widget!
Great app wish the List feature worked like it does with twidroid
"Best Twitter client I've tried
"Needs options for notification tone
Outstanding app and love it.. bye bye seesmic and twidroid
A widget and ability to change ringtone gets 5 stars.
Best android Twitter app!!
Would have rated better but it kills my Battery
"So far so good
Tweetcaster is one of those apps you like more the more you use it.
Best app for Twitter...hands down! Nothing else needed!!!!!
"No video upload option
I have been surprisingly pleased with tweetcaster pro...i have not figured out how to control the notifications yet though
The best twitter client for Android I have used.
Best Twitter client for android hands down.
One star short of a widget!
Great developer! Can't wait for the updates to make this great app even better!
"I've used nearly every twitter app in the android platform
"Best twitter app there is
Widget gets 5 stars
Flawless such a great looking and working app
You fixed all my complaints. 5 stars!
I luv the app best twitter app yet. Need to fix retweet prob in pro version.
Nice
"This is my favorite Twitter app so far. I love that I can access multiple accounts
Needs update with widget to be 5 stars
"Best so far. Great user interface
1 of the best twitter apps. Would like an option for turning update off automatically. But very feature rich app
Great twitter app but force closes sometimes and cant retweet wit a comment besides that its great
Would like it even more if it didnt keep telling me to rate it X(
Used it but its no pro enough...looks too cartoony. Twicca is far more professional. Its a good app but I don't need a googly eyed bird staring @ me
Moving back to Twidroid until such times as Tweetcaster incorporates a widget and allows notification changing. Otherwise above par.
"Beautiful
Need to be able to change sounds on tweets also give notification on tweets that have been sitting on my phone for awhile
"I really like it
I love this app
Simply the best .
"Great features! Lists don't work for me. Interface a bit busy for my taste. Best Twitter app
I'd been using twidroid pro - tried tweetcaster - bought the pro version immediately - haven't looked back. Interface is easy to use and beautiful.
Works well.
The bomb ... don't change to much stuff on here guy's ... remember you got a good thing here
Would like to see a non-api RT function (for adding comments to it first) & different background notification options per account. Otherwise great app
Can't edit profile pic force close
"great UI and great promise but for now I am regretting my purchase! Urgently needs RT with a comment
Best twiiter app but needs a update soon I love it.
@KevinsHubby_
Needs a retweet with comment funtion
Excellent! Suggest option to set auto refresh longer than 30 minutes.
Needs a dedicated refresh button rather than menu>refresh but it has an awesome UI and tons of features. Widget soon I hope?? {Nexus}
Would like the option not use the native retweet function. With a few mine updates and listening to users request should be best twitter app.
Best twitter app for android hands Down. No need to waste time with others.
"This is by far one Beautiful Tweeter
no widget.. and no retweet edit abilities. Add these and get 5 stars.
Don't let the fancy UI fool you it constantly freezes. Refunded sorry I'm sticking with seesmic for now
Had to buy pro right away this is the best looking twitter app ever.
Great interface!! Good so far on my Nexus
