"Upgraded my phone to Galaxy s21
"So I just bought the pro version
Moved to pro
"TweetCasterPro WAS great app
"I used the free version for a year or so and found it worked well
Excellent
Paid upgrade does not allow me to import any of the years of config and customisation done in the free version. I feel penalised for buying it.
Garbage app. 👎
When is the last update for this? It lags wonth let me delete lists full of bugs!
"Don't you guys think it's been a very very long time to update and implement the actual twitter features like quote gif
"Waiting for class action lawsuit haha used to be so good
Fix the widget already. Doesn't work on note 20 ultra and latest Android OS
"Stop the timing out. No other app stops people from Tweeting
"So many basic operations
Not able to create widget at Android 11.pls help.
Nice app for info on most anything
Would be five stars please make some bigger Widgets plzzzzzzzz
Much improved. Still can't figure our how to change an AVI or background photo. I am NOT the smartest IT guy around.
amazing Twitter app
Solid app.
Having issues removing accounts
Hreat control over multiple accounts.
"This app has not been updated since my previous review in 1/2020. Functionality is failing
Miss the FB linking and font changing but it's better than the Twitter app imho! 🐦
Why is this so slow? Any updates in the near future?
great app but trends don't work properly from time to time and trends are the most important part of twitter
After years of owning TweetCaster Pro I still love it!
"Yes you do deserve this review & the 1 star rating. Update: Dec 05/17 - they figured out that Twitter allows 280 characters
"This used to be the gold standard of twitter clients but since September 2020
"Update: This app is lagging and has had zero updates since January when their token was restored..... Very glad to have Tweetcaster back after the access token issue! No other 3rd party Twitter app's functionality compares. Hopefully the devs stick around for further updates
"Trending is back
Trends are not correct...not showing new trends from last 3 days...it showing same trends 😔
"*updated rating* As of 08/25/2020 App is not refreshing
"Avoid
"The best Twitter app available
It can't download video. Also webpage error when clicking links.
"I love that app
Over the past few months this app has become very slow to load new tweets. Clicking links has even longer load times. No updates since January.
"One of the best app i use for twitter
"Is good but I need editing my control panel for my notifications and messages
Great app
After coming back to Android after a few years this app needs updating and it would be nice to see some buttons under each tweet to favorite or reply even read replies. Also is doesn't notify me of new tweets anymore.
Easy way to use twitter
"I Can't see my DM anymore
Great app but terrible UI needs a cleaner interface
I love tweetcaster!!
Love it!!
I like it 👌
Great app if I didn't get a 403 error each time I try to add users to a list. Also nearby should have a option nearby on followers friends list/yours. I'll update my review when we get a update
"It supposed to be good twitter app. But recently I find this app ""tweetcaster has stop working"" or ""force close"""
"Widget no longer works on Note 9? Any advice please. Uninstalled / installed no change. Widget is dragged to home page
Still my favourite Twitter app
"Had this app forever and rarely have issues. Lately though
TweetCaster Pro was my go2 Twitter app for YEARS until Nov 2019 when crash after crash led me 2 uninstall it & start having 2 use a different app. Just recently found that there was a long-overdue update in Jan 2019 & was very excited 2 start using TweetCaster Pro again! Had 2 adjust app permissions 4 TweetCaster Pro timeline widget when it wouldn't work but app permission adjust fixed that. Now having issue w/TweetCaster Pro Aviary Plugin crashing. WILL stick w/TweetCaster & hope 4 some fixes!
Works for me
"يا أخ عبدالله السبيعي خاصية إخفاء الرتويت تجدها أضيفت مع التصفية الذكية ""smart filter"""
Has Pro's & Cons but nothing that I can't tolerate. Best of the Twitter apps for me.
"knocked off 2 stars
"24Apr2020 Hi
Best one for my uses. There are few issues but nothing big. I like it and One Louder Apps was quick to respond to a request. Solid Twitter app.
I can't see who favourite the tweets.
Fast response for thread support. Still I have failure for some kind of link. Back to 4 stars. Although not seriously updated for over a year still a very good app. Though they need to maintain it... I can't open some kind of links from the app and they don't respond through their Twitter.
It is the best of its kind. Love the fact that when there is a reply to a tweet it gives you the whole conversation.
"Thank u for updating this app again. I'd like to see shortcut for ""RT or reply or like"" directly under people's posts instead of clicking the post to RT/reply/like the posts. I hope we can have it in the next update 😁 been using this app since 2011 and this is the best for me."
I bought the app and it is awesome. Please add full support for Fediverse protocols as well.
Good view of tweets and RTs are better because give good description not just web address! Would like if all dis9layed in landscape but majority do so 4 stars!
So many things go wrong while using this app.. The widget for starters doesn't stay on my screen
Best twitter app! I wouldnt go any where else. Check it out !!
"I am happy to be back again after 
Purchased this just because of widget which crashes every time I'm trying to add it onto desktop.
"Downloaded app for the widget availability because my other one has been screwy for months...now
we need a update! this is a great app
"I really tweetcaster. I've tried several other apps including the official Twitter app but this is the best. I can control background & text color
i rather not have pic vid on feed but wont load pic or vid on link unless ya turn on the media... even when menu comes up saying open link it wont... be nice to have look at convo without having to go via menu... other than that it has best layout than most twit apps
"Could not connect to Twitter
Oke setelah sekian lama tidak di update. Saya coba ini aplikasi. Kalau masih ada yang error saya hapus !
"Works
Most enjoyable. More versatile than Twitter's app.
Seems like this app is not incompatible. I am unable to post tweets and no updates to this app since 2018. Update: issue resolved
Best App for tweeter
"Mostly dead app with regards to innovation. This company or individuals that write the software
"Author updated API token but still needs to be modernized with VIDEO SUPPORT U/D directly with Twitter not outdated YouTube. Twitter supports video directly now. Its a good Twitter app but with more work could be great. FAVESTAR is Dead & support needs to be removed. Better single page followers to match who & who doesnt needed. Eveything works as far as I can tell but still testing. Thanks for the update. Ron@Memphis
i cant access my account
Beautifull theme
I have been happy with TweetCaster for years.
This app is my frequent use @bdimples
The ONLY thing it doesn't do for me is show threads.
"An update
Last check these app where own by sprint wireless know that t-mobile in change whats gonna happan to are apps. Nov.24.2014 It works real good all my android phones I use app on four android phones and work s all them
"Apparently the api needs updated once again
"When tweeting
Failed to Load Data on endless repeat. This used to work great. Now it's garbage Update!!! Now working and back to 5 stars.
"My favorite Twitter app. I wish it could do a couple things better
Love the easy use of the interface. Lists work well. Have tried several other Twitter apps and I am sold on TweetCaster Pro!
My Fav Twitter App
"When opening video ""Failed to load data"""
"Token Fixed
Great app!
Best Twitter app in the market. Tried almost all Twitter apps including other paid ones. But nothing comes closer to tweet caster pro. Zip line feature is icing on the cake
"Apparently I created a review for this app in my pocket.... So far this app meets all my needs the best
"Luv the app
Best Twitter app
Glad to have this app back. Like the layout and it does all I want .
Thank you! TweetCaster is back!
Widget is still broken.
Update fkd it up. Can't get in. FIX it... UPDATE!! OneLouder has responded - quickly - and are working with Twitter to resolve the issues. Great customer service... Thx!
Very expensive and no updates since ages.
Better than the official twitter app!!
Kudos to OneLouder for continuing to support this app. I paid a couple of pounds for it almost a decade ago and am delighted to see it still being supported.
Finally tweetcaster is working again. The best Twitter app is back !!!
The best. The most simple easy to use l.
I have used Tweetcaster Pro for years and have been very happy with it. Happy that they fixed the recent issue but now I can't get the widget to work.
"Widgets fail to install after Jan 2020 fix This app has worthwhile features that no other Twitter Android client has
"What' s going on now
"2/2/20 Update: Finally able to connect and ""authenticate"". I like this app
Great little app!
So glad it's back. The best way to interact with twitter.
"2020-02-01 OneLouder restored TweetCaster Pro's ability to access Twitter. Tweetcaster supports multiple Twitter identities (think personal
Could you please add option to arrange (moving up / down) bookmarks in the order we desire instead of the order they were added
"Hi
Best one and very easy to use it
"The best Twitter apps! Chronological tweets
"Now working again. Certainly not the most fully featured Twitter replacement but having spent a few days trying others like Albatross or Friendly
Best app out there!
I still cannot sign in and the app is written failed to connect to twitter.. please help..
App is dead as of 1/27/2020. Update 1/31: App is fixed. Wish it was actively developed (group DMs please)
This is a good client that could use some love from the developer. Clean interface and easy to use. Recommended!
Revised. Has stopped working. Will not connect to Twitter.
Best twitter app by far. Support is very good.
"Things were great until lately it became useless can't connect
As of 31/1/2020 app released a new update finally and all work flawlessly again. Best app for Twitter!
Easy to use and looks great. Beats the standard Twitter app hands down in my opinion.
ناقصه بس يعرض التصويتات
Still not working.
Welcome back TweetCaster!
"Please
"Best app to use as a widget for Twitter. Although there are other ones
Best Twitter app.
This app doesnt work. Says error 401
It's back ladies and gentlemen!!!
TECH SUPPORT!... Thank you! More updates in the future would be great!
Fixed
"Still same
"Thanks so much for coming back
Hands down the best Twitter app on market absolutely perfect keep up the great work. Great customer service the application was down for couple days I emailed Oneloud the get back with me in couple of hours letting me know they are fixing the issue. Did an update and it's working again like a champ. Thank you for fast fix and update over email
Glad it's working again. For me the best Twitter app out there.
All good again. Thanks for the fast update .
"Love this app had it for years
"Update - service has been restored
Update for 30 January 2020: API fixed so back to working again.
Awesome app I am using it for last five years
Looking for updates to reflect all the new twitter features
Better than the official Twitter app
thank you
"Thank you for the update
Thank you for the update. It's fixed now. And here's your 5 stars reinstated.
Working now after the update! Missed using it while it was down. Didn't like using Twitter's app while waiting for the fix.
"Byy far and away the best app for Twitter. Best user interface. I wish they would display the ""likes"" like the regular app does; this one just goes to the ""Favestar is for sale"" message"
The best Twitter app out there. Very glad they issued a fix to restore access.
"Oh sweet Jesus
Best Twitter app by far
THANK YOU
"Solid Twitter app. Supports multiple accounts and separate timeliness. Very customizable. Restored rating for this app after they fixed the problem. One Louder
It finally works after the latest update. Thanks!
"App died with no warming. Update: fair enough
"Best Twitter app to date
"30JAN2020 Access resorted! If you're using Tweetcaster Pro
Fixed and working great. Thx
After fixing it works again. The team should maintain this app regularly though
"Finally....an update. Thank you
Thank you for updated token! Best twitter app is back! Please don't stop development of this brilliant app!
"They fixed the app again and all is working just as well as it always has
Fix problem promptly. Replied to my concerns swiftly and professionally. Thank you so much
"Out of all the apps for Twitter
"As promised
Best Twitter app out there. Has some issues here and there but by far better than any of the others.
All my issues have been fixed except I don't get notifications on my phone
"Best Twitter Application
GREAT App! Much prefer over Twitters app.
"They have updated the API key so it's working on. Still over a year since the last significant update
"Tweetcaster is fantastic. Zero problems
"Second update: so Onelouder does not monitor their auth token and only reacts to 1 star reviews. Says it all: this app is dead and being neglected. Update january 2019: apparently this app is dead. I recommend Tweetings as a replacement. Rating down to one star
"Yay
needs an update. won't open.
"I only gave it 1 when I was locked out
"So very happy this app is now working again! Thank you
"It is working again!! 8 years as a subscriber they've always been quick to respond to my emails! Thank you! I reached out to TweetCaster 36 hours ago and... Here is the latest RAPID reply from Tweetcaster moments ago (1/30/2020): ""We just pushed the update to the Play store and it should be available for download any time now. Once you update the app
Tweetcaster is working again 👍👍 Best Twitter client ever.
App is working again after the update Best one I've used for Twitter. Glad it has been fixed
Huge THANK YOU to the devs for coming back after a year and a half to update the API token so we can still use this app. It's been my favorite for nearly a decade and the thought of switching to the official app was so upsetting. I missed my temporary zip list so much!
Thank you for getting that token fixed. All is well once again and my favorite 3rd party Twitter app has been restored!
App is fixed! Best Twitter app. Period! Thank you One Louder!
"Always been great
Thank god for the update
yuhuuuu..it's working again!!..thanks for updated
Stopped working. Can not connect to Twitter anymore. No information. Their web site/blog hasn't been updated for years. Last tweet from them over a year ago. Is the company still alive?
"cant get this to work
Dont buy or use this app! The owner is to lazy to contact Twitter to update their Token. Freaking waste of money here. Even Google wont refund funds paid for this worthless app.
These few days I cannot sign in because its say cannot connect with twitter.. Hope it's can be solve asap..
First time purchase on a Brand New Phone One Week Ago...tons of bugs and now it won't even let me sign in...From the bottom of my heart I'm warning you all! YOU WILL BE DISAPPOINTED
App just abruptly stop working. Is it over with?
"📍 Stopped working Jan 27
This app used to be great but hasn't been updated in a long time and has completely stopped working completely for me as of Jan.26 2020.
"I kept getting ""we can't authenticate you"" message starting Jan 29
"This app was great when it was supported. Now
Doesnt work anymore
"Been days since I could connect to Twitter via the app. Slow to update (last update 10/18
"App no longer connects to Twitter... Developers keep saying they are fixing and updating
"App isn't working
Welcome back!
"401 authentication error
FAILED TO CONNECT TO TWITTER
"I hope you will be back soon. At the time of writing this we still getting could not authenticate you error. I for one am suffering
"Support request: after the last update doesn't connect to my twitter account
My accounts stopped working as of 1/27. I am unable to login or add new accounts on this app.
I loved this app but now all I get is 401 error can't authenticate!
Not working any more ...what happened? I have tweetcaster pro
Stopped working. Constant 401 error.
Please fix TweetCaster! Something has severely gone wrong with the app; I can't even use it! This was my favorite app for Twitter. Hopefully they will take care of the issues very soon!
"Love the app
"Totally broken
can't connect to Twitter
Can't connect to Twitter. It's dead. This is the end. Or maybe the developers don't have enough money to pay the APIs anymore.
"Was great
Where are you developers? The app has stopped signing in for all users. Update as soon as possible.
Been using it for years now ot does not let me access
It appears this app had been abandoned. Last night it broke for everyone i know of who was using it. Still down and no response from the developers. Thankfully there are alternative app not put out by this company.
"Love the app and have been using it for years now. However
Just stopped working altogether.
"Stopped working and they didn't say anything. At least issue a statement
the best twitter app all these years but died prematurely. Now moving to Fenix 2 pro for stability.
Stopped working as of 1/27/20
As of Jan 27 2020 this app no longer works. Everyone is getting a 401 error.
GAME Over then!!!:) ...
Stopped working completely days ago. I uninstalled and reinstalled and I can't even add an account now so it looks like I'm being told to sod off. I shall!
This app used to be great and have used for years. No it seems to have been abandoned.
"I used to enjoy this app. Yesterday I started getting Protocol error 401
"Used to be a fantastic app. Used it for years
"Tweetcaster is down. Is it selective? Back up
"Hi teams... I've been used this app since long time ago 
"Tweetcaster won't connect to twitter
Failed to connect to Twitter!!! No me deja iniciar sesión!!?
"Jan 27
Absolutely love that Twitter feed is on the chronological order
"So
"401 error
"This app is very clearly no longer supported
Stopped working again
App just stopped loading completely. Cannot contact Twitter. 401 Error.
App just stopped working completely with a can't login error.